#OFFSET: 589
ricky:  And karl... he couldn't stop questioning to Johnathon about
karl: I just wondered at what point you saw say, this is getting on my nerves. Yes way too long. It took any socks or other hurt. Yeah, but it's not I mean it is boring in hotel rooms because I told you before about when I was in Edinburgh and had nothing to do there's nothing on the Telly and you sort of you but you've eaten the shortbread biscuits in here. And so that's when I read the phone book to see how many
#OFFSET: 619
Unknown:  that's when you read the phone book. Well, so see how many Max we're in Scotland and I've got to Macintosh. Yeah, and it was like, you know 42 Pages for yeah. Yeah Jonathan, I don't know if he'd already done that and he said he is off now when we say to decide is it is Cheeks is all of it. Now that please do that nothing other than the cheap, but then there's not much left, but then we got to the fact that me and Jonathan if we pulled our wealth
#OFFSET: 649
Unknown:  We could have shaved Carl's ass 4,000 pounds, right? And he said he f a thousand times in Chalmers. Scratch Suzanne said Can assessment.
#OFFSET: 659
Unknown:  Your girlfriend said what girl she was annoyed. She says well, I'm not allowed to go there why is there an outhouse and course the whole table stopped and went in and said what isn't that me touching him there? I meant what do you mean this is doing in terms of nation.
#OFFSET: 676
Unknown:  I like the fact that you had this conversation with it. I like the idea that she touched your heart what you would woo hands off. Yeah. I love you. But keep your hands away from the ass. It's you know, what? You know why I said it he's talking about the most intimate part of the ass the mid laughs he's talking about that soon. And he said I said, why went bit guy in it.
#OFFSET: 695
Unknown:  I said I'm going to go touching it be a bit gay.
#OFFSET: 698
Unknown:  You still behind it could be anyone all right.
#OFFSET: 708
Unknown:  I mean you can imagine the conversations we were having right and it just it's that thing that the waitress heard something every time she came over. She had the worst car gone from a shave my head. Yeah. Yeah and there but it was a it was a good night wasn't it? So it's the thousand pounds now it was him who gives you sign off anyway, so everyone will be happy you've used the asked to best effect.
#OFFSET: 734
Unknown:  She's got she's got half out of it. So she's she's made as much out of your asses you have in a sense with me Jonathan. Yeah, but to be fair it's his ass on the line so I know but I mean, you know, she's not like she's getting a bum deal. Well, he's getting 500, you know. Yeah, go ahead. No, you know that but do you reckon just thinking some more stuff before you if you just shave your ass, let's say we did it for charity or something got
#OFFSET: 764
Unknown:  it's a ship don't how would we do use one of those big cannot fashion raise? No. No, I do is a big safety. I do just straight and when you use a gel or foam now, I just I first of all yeah, I do it. I think I just lather up. She loved episodes first. I did I did I do the outside. It's just straight down big broad Strokes cleaner. Then I have to go in the crevices and I don't need an assistant. I'd pop it apart and just very gently go in there. I might even use electronic equipment just so there was there was no sort of like Nick's Okay, so,
#OFFSET: 794
Unknown:  Genetic variation or I might wax the internal middle class Jonathan do cuz he did it on his own. Didn't he? I see these mirrors. Why did it work? I'll ask him where call him later but I don't know. Well that's you perhaps you listening of what shape you are maybe during an example. So what I think this is conjecture, but I think he was probably there he - our is shaved his face right? I thought it was naked looked a little what here we are asked. Well, I got the Razor in this hand. I've got the mirror there.
#OFFSET: 824
Unknown:  You know, I'm not I'm not on stage for a good 10 minutes. Yeah, there's one thing I don't like going on stage with is a hairy ass bang bang Wallop done on stage. Thanks. See you later. See you next week. Yeah.
#OFFSET: 841
Unknown:  We're thinking oh, it's just if that our area was it not mean I where he was it because I imagine I mean you saying mirrors and stuff but is it is I mean, how old is he now? He's 14 and they say your testicles dropped quite a bit. Once you start getting old. Yeah, so that is got to make sure they're out the way to yeah, I don't think of I mean I can speak for myself and as a similar age to Jonathan that
#OFFSET: 871
Unknown:  I mean, you know if there's millimeters in it, it's not like we took him in our socks in the morning. They're still in the same place. You really wouldn't know the difference it wouldn't if we filmed it and you know time-lapse camera. They wouldn't it would be like a bungee jump do not mean they wouldn't be moving a lot.
#OFFSET: 890
Unknown:  Yeah. All right. You think he said I told him is a good-looking. Fella Steve. Would you agree with that? I told Jonathan and that he said to eat but any just went for it as well. Yeah, so you've you've spent a lot of time picturing Jonathan's our Naked Eyes let him give you money for asked archery. Yeah, where's your girlfriend's got no. No, I insist and you say he's a good-looking man to help Iraq and think about what you've done interesting.
#OFFSET: 915
Unknown:  People like or Sparkle as they're walking down the street. I see 50 Cent 21 Questions new single from well, my main car will have a joint favorite there right now. I love you like a fat kid loves cake. Yeah, that's great. And yeah, but I mean, I like it because it's funny and humorous and cheeky you like it because it's it means something that you actually you think that's absolute truth. It's almost to say that to you that I'd be the most romantic thing.
#OFFSET: 945
Unknown:  They contain it because it's no I'm just thinking that you know what you means it's like the Elephant Man sea elephant man. That's what it's called again. You know, you're gonna get the fat kid loves cake. You've said it all you don't say anymore. I can't believe it yet. I'll tell you what made this day the other day. I love it. Jonathan Ross said the Elephant Man from the best films ever made. Yeah.
#OFFSET: 965
Unknown:  Endorsed by celebrity. I know well by a film really he's got down it is very good film. Yeah, we have got cheeky freak of the week. Come on the rise of date a lot of stuff going on this way in a free world. Yeah. Is it really, you know, there's loads. I mean stuff that we can the one that hasn't made it got this is like this. So this is where it hasn't made it. So we judge it on that go on. It's a woman right? You know how I mean in a way I thought elephant man. It was a bit tight because you know, we sort of took on a freak show did a bit of a road show with him and stuff.
#OFFSET: 995
Unknown:  Some woman, I think she's in in the like now who makes a lot of money because she's got three legs and like seven toes stuff and she was saying people pay quite a lot of money not somebody portal. It's not that much money like compared to wear but over there. It's like loads of money sure and all you do is you go around tomorrow.
#OFFSET: 1024
Unknown:  Else and you pay this lot of money and people just go glass next to Red Flag, right? It's got a little lonely in that so she hasn't even got go out on the road anymore like in the old days. No, but sometimes annoying me it's like well you could get to them faster. You don't see that what you have is what she could do is go in and buy a pair of shoes. All right, and then Nick one on the way out because only put one out don't they can I do so she could get you know, two three for the price of two.
#OFFSET: 1054
Unknown:  Just one of the many perks of History language learning three legs. The other one is I mean keep you happy. Let's be good at that function actually stays at home put your feet stopped. But anyway, that's not even cheeky freaking the which bearing is coming up right coming up later. Brilliant. Iraq Buster's dead in the water, isn't it? We've killed all five. We officially became obvious you love monkey news and what Buster's
#OFFSET: 1080
Unknown:  didn't I tell you that there was some sort of petition for monkey news was that what was occurring lot of floods of loads of emails and that you've done monkey news. You mean you want to do monkey news now about that. I seriously it is Opera and people will like you can't get rid of monkey news. Yeah, don't be doing that sort of a while hello to people it. Was it monkeys trying to write the configuration Shakespeare Tony Blair get a whiff of it and he's he's coming out of town of things and rock Buster Steve if you've got a bit of competition
#OFFSET: 1110
Unknown:  Motor Vehicles, that's fine art, you know, I mean if that's what you want to do will do what what what did you want to do know? I was wondering whether we should perhaps not do a quiz at all rather than do that piece of rubbish.
#OFFSET: 1118
Unknown:  Might be better to have nothing but we better just have silence during that part of the show from have wrought Buster's. I don't know if we could discuss off if I give you the clues and that and if you think they sound rubbish we're not doing it. Well, I know that I guarantee they're going to say rubbish. All right, let's make it the last Rock Buster's then this is the last rock. Well it depends this is okay. This is if it's good where you get a reprieve it's all about this. Okay? Okay go on and let's do what Buster's and now the prices and then we'll come back with the
#OFFSET: 1148
Unknown:  Please i-- because I've dug out that REM track excellent. So it's an interactive show. I can write the best summer holiday album ever. What we've got on there is for Elvis versus junkie XL. That's brilliant. Holly Valance is on their last ketchup is all the stuff is it's a feminist new here craving Tribute to The Ramones album. We got real Hot Chili Peppers on there Metallica street-legal from Bob Dylan. That's nice. Brilliant. Did you just buy that in the 420 pounds from HMV deal fair enough?
#OFFSET: 1178
Unknown:  Once again album the talons of Wang qiang a doctor who classic and there's something for a for the X-Men listener Eight Mile on DVD. I thought that was nice that film that was that the last bit was funny. It was guess. It's a good film and it's a good rap often that as well. Let's play action and then we'll come back with the right bus exclude. I am gone give it to him.
#OFFSET: 1204
Unknown:  REM electronic on Xfm 104.9 Ricky Gervais Stephen Merchant and Karl Pilkington, I'll walk her down Oxford Street every day to go to the office and it is like running the gauntlet is low later. It's not only is it just like, you know, you have to dodge people and their dawdling or rushing or, you know, keeping into the road to get passing people but avoiding.
#OFFSET: 1230
Unknown:  But it's like hands everywhere like leaflets. I don't know there must be a million leaflets giving out ice all mobile phone tea sandwich shop teachers of English teach other people in a piano and and those charity people in terms of about timers and are often caught about six times where I couldn't say. No, I've got about eight standing orders now because I just couldn't say no when they confront you was his you know, I want it's amazing how often I'm on the way to a meeting and he always will meet again and I was for guilty if I walk past again two minutes late with HMV.
#OFFSET: 1260
Unknown:  Bag yeah, yes do full yeah like crowned with Bargains. I know ya know. It's actually what it's like they're like zombies. It's like you're fighting them off. You need a flaming torch. Yeah has or if it's not them. It's tourists just constantly, you know, she's me can you take my photo outside HMV or right side Topshop that doesn't happen to me. I'm always kind of tourists just in the way just on a dawdling, you know looking for the so fast. I walks out over the head down and I just try and walk so fast everywhere now because it's there but Ultra Street is just it's unbelievable.
#OFFSET: 1290
Unknown:  Evil now another I think it's age but I've started that is it even if the windows open right here just like cars and they on the mobile phone. It's that loudest place in the world. I don't we can do isn't it one of the busiest streets in is it over the world the universe? It is men. I think if we carpet it, but we'll put some curtains up. It was just dead and it's like pubs those there's polished floors and metal tables and everyone's an added to talk like that to me heard. The Jukebox is quite large and I want to go just to turn everything down. Yeah, just put some carpet.
#OFFSET: 1320
Unknown:  I'll just quit talking like this put the music down a little bit. What have a good time. I've never quite understood that impulse. I don't forget if it's age where you go in a club or a bar or Pub as you say and let me just slightly too loud. So it just makes everything slightly tricky. It's like tearing down session. But what I what annoys me is is when it's for the amusement of the bomb or no bomb a did they're bored. They're in the pub. They've got the music up there music up. Yeah, right Dad techno blaring like they've got a Telly on watching a soap opera. Yeah, and I want to go choose one or the other.
#OFFSET: 1349
Unknown:  I mean, what are you watching? I got a minicab that's not imagine not traveling many cabs, but the guy driving one of those guys. He's I know he's driving a cab on a Friday night. Okay. No one want to be doing that and he had one of those phone, you know, the little are pieces that you put into it looks like they're talking to themselves and he's there and he show you his way to go. I went all crouching there. Yea, well that's only just chatting on his mobile phone the whole time it is washable. So now you have the radio on his well and it wasn't confident on the road. I know I'm paying you 210 pounds would take me somewhere. Please just stop chatting or arranging social life for two.
#OFFSET: 1378
Unknown:  It's yeah get me to my destination safely. And then you can you can resume you can't say my favorite one is I'm going to so-and-so terrorist, please where's that hmm, I'm gonna go right. You know, it's me. You're not taking me then. Yeah. I mean, I don't know. I don't think I don't drive that. I'm paying you that's fine down you that's gonna be part of the service. But I mean, I know people have been many calves dinner where I was and didn't have an agent said no, I well I got I came I was in East London once I said to her I'm going to go to North London. Iwanai where specifically I went a Swiss Cottage even sure sure I said, you know the way when ya self
#OFFSET: 1408
Unknown:  Long way, when do you know the way that's why I thought you knew is I said if you're not going to get any but now he was always glad you're just taking his car out middle of the night. He had all these credentials where you had a car note on which the two other things I bring with me. You said to me when we went to Camden as I okay. He went to sell I mean there is the star exactly anyway, you know the way to Camden
#OFFSET: 1433
Unknown:  I thought pull over it's not worth it. I'd rather hitchhike. I'd rather walk Ludacris those people who just go out. Yeah, they just can't take a car out. You know, I'm sick of living there and he sent out people asking you do you when you say here, you mean the world don't you know, just just in London he's doing the adding now the other the other week actually walking on from here and like you say, there's always someone asking you saying you want to buy this. Do you want one of these right now carnaby Street?
#OFFSET: 1464
Unknown:  There's your first mistake. He said into meditation on out of time to kill so that all other chat. Have you got to all we've never got home was too busy. I thought you were too busy with classes. And what do you want? What what do you do and it will teach you how to breathe that well I'm 30. All right, and he sort of forget selfridges to do like heavy and
#OFFSET: 1494
Unknown:  That will come here there and they've got like little glasses of water and you won't pass the go. Have you ever tried this that's water? Yeah. We'll try to go to Jesus Christ. Is that what water is what I've been drinking then you've been drinking piss and neither have I I love a bottle. Anyway. Listen Rock posters. Oh, let's get it on really. Yeah, come on in right so cryptic Clues and initialize your work it out.
#OFFSET: 1524
Unknown:  It's abandoned and stuff. Yeah, right first one Bob holness the first clue the doctor said part of the foot and the leg was no good. So we took him off and he threw him away.
#OFFSET: 1537
Unknown:  How about some clue the initial TB? Okay be right the doctor said part of the foot and the leg was no good. So it took them off and threw them away second one Scottish monster has got a bit of a tan, right the Scottish monster has got a bit of a tan, okay.
#OFFSET: 1556
Unknown:  That's that's TD. Right? And the last one. Well, the the 60 singer had a heart attack whilst he was having it away. We won't be seeing him again. And that is f NM F NM. Well the 60 singers that are attack. It was having it away. We won't be seeing him again email in Ricky. Dr. Bass. Excellent over. This is to Save Rock Buster's if people don't get this right. It's no more so
#OFFSET: 1586
Unknown:  You better if you want this feature to stay you better get the clues.
#OFFSET: 1591
Unknown:  All right, good work whole I'll give those tools again after the next chain what we play.
#OFFSET: 1596
Unknown:  And this looks and love it that I love it. Good. That's a good good stomping pop number one rock.
#OFFSET: 1603
Unknown:  It's okay.
Unknown: 
#OFFSET: 1613
Unknown:  Jane's Addiction just because I think things are get a rocking up. They are asleep rocking up in the land this year Steve. Yes, that's good news. I think Evanescence then the darkness Rock tastic xfn. 104.9 Ricky Gervais. Stephen Merchant and Karl Pilkington of a Saturday closure say that the shaving your ass feature from earlier if you miss that was half-past one. That was the discussion on saving your ass. Yeah.
#OFFSET: 1638
Unknown:  Stuff that seems to have caught the public imagination you have so many emails you had someone telling us exactly how to shave your ass. Yeah, if you need the information like body forward it to you. Well, I think this will be the year of rock and ask exactly but say it's extraordinary how you know, just a simple discussion like that that you would think perhaps was kraske remind you our listeners do like Carl talking about monkeys sure, you know, I mean, yeah, it's not like it's it's certainly proud of mmm. It's not that we changed a nation or Freda a people or a cure for summer. We hit them in there, you know, are they?
#OFFSET: 1668
Unknown:  A level show with monkeys and asses it's what our listeners love ya look like is analysis. Yeah, we should put that on a poster and they go together because I am I joined the zoo last time you went down and became friends of the zoo know what I thought maybe you ought to sit in her down. Okay, and it did that thing happened when I went straight for the chimps course night and there's sort of like three sort of big of adult ones there and there's people with their kids and I can see the people just putting their kids away as one of them went up and started.
#OFFSET: 1698
Unknown:  He'd put his face up the other ones, uh sure and it was sort of like I just can't be bothered to explain this to my children. If I just move my alliance gonna look at the Lions. Yeah. Well they doing I just sniffing each other's ass. Yeah. Yes. I remember when I should go to the zoo there always felt there were certain animals. That weren't getting looking really that no one was particularly interested in the type. Yeah. Exactly. We were going straight to the snakes. We were interested in. Yeah Birds. I don't remember shit interesting bird big cat. So that's a bit depressing great apes.
#OFFSET: 1728
Unknown:  Soooo, great items reptile. You're right reptiles. Yeah birds and this is a big one that you think or offered dog apart of all you go and brilliantly exactly a foul to put in yells great. But but I was wearing a towel on my desk and I be doing work and maybe a little owl there and I go can't even a pencil and it just sort of goes over getting better go cheers, and it just watches me that thinks I'm brilliant. Do not mean not really no. No. No, I never had noticed how many kind of animals at my desk? No Carl, you like it loud when you that helped, you know.
#OFFSET: 1758
Unknown:  I had a little Magpie dinner with sorts of Allah he came down and not up picking the grift of the knee. What was his name Maggie sure very hard and he took it to school and it didn't come back. Once again. Oh dear. Did you ever pick pick your head because used I've had in yeah. Yeah, right dude. Let's start again a bit violent. Really? Yeah popmatters it becoming sort of age, but I have this is probably sexual frustration. So, you know, if is it good I think magpies go for shiny objects. Don't then you're probably sort of yeah, probably.
#OFFSET: 1788
Unknown:  Losing it a little bit then in the fun. And so when the sun was out as a bit of a sheen on the front if they still glaring so I love that. What is that? That's brilliant. Yeah, or as it was for pecking away at mistook it for a tree Yak is the noise the noise here the hollow sound I squeezed his head down yesterday. We should just put it in for a new listener to not realize but one of Ricky's many sexual peccadilloes. Obviously, we need to take something. I can justify any other way is to just squeeze Carl's. Hey, yeah fun I've done is I Dwight. I don't know what it is. I don't know.
#OFFSET: 1818
Unknown:  It's sexual you know, like when you've got a little kit and you can't you or you want to squeeze his little phone did I mean Joey? Well that Carl look slightly awesome sauce was a little lad. Yeah, exactly and I feel that with you because it sort of like it gives so much look at Carl's face and give so much like e it is like you can understand what we're saying. Yeah, and that's what the connection is. I think between me and Carl another animal it's like understand I squeezed it yesterday and car when I definitely had some butt crack. Yeah, because I'm trying to see how hard I can squeeze it. I think that was you just thinking
#OFFSET: 1848
Unknown:  Huh? I think the Colts just started to know. I mean, I think there is a danger because I think there is a danger that you could you could squeeze it too much. Yeah. I know he did a good deed today the other day now was it? Yeah, what watching you were just you were talking about like, you know being are sold in the street and stuff and I get asked a lot by the homeless that we all don't we all Chicago's you going to sleep young? I'm here, mate.
#OFFSET: 1878
Unknown:  For know I do treat them a lot Street of Love That yeah, look at that. Yeah, you've been good. Yeah. There you go. So if DB series on those the save the children thing you were talking about, you know charity is a sling all the time. She does not and I sort of say well you do that. I'll look after you take care of the home with I'll take care of the odd Tramp around where I live and how and how do you treat them? Both? You've been wise 50p. I might give them yeah, or am I, you know, they'll sort of say I have you got any money or so what form they'll go on.
#OFFSET: 1908
Unknown:  Really thirsty. Hmm. So I'll go along on a minute and if and get them a little Diet Coke they want to watch their weight. Yeah, they're going full fat or what insult to a man like me. Yeah. Yeah, I'd rather treat them then because a lot of people spend spend money on, you know problems abroad and stuff, right? I just found out you're saying like, what do you mean like famine relief?
#OFFSET: 1936
Unknown:  How do you do get sick of it? Don't you? I mean, it's not you get sick another white boy. I'm just I know just let whatever you do now Steve don't interrupt because I'm scared but I just think it's worth it is there so much there. There's freedom of speech. There's we're not responsible. There's he'll get away with it because he's a buffoon and it is entertaining things. So go on what you're saying, you know, do what you do I give me money to is it is it, you know a little, you know, sick kids or whatever or is it?
#OFFSET: 1966
Unknown:  Old people or whatever HIV has many duly. They got a lot. But yeah, yeah and for me, I just get sick of you know problems abroad. It's like what do you do? What do you do with farming and that what you meant to do? How can you solve it? It's gone on for years. Yeah. It just keeps going we keep giving them money to keep spending it and there's no you're not getting any return for your cash. Well, it's just how many times you know, they've gotta learn do they gotta learn what you teach him a lesson what I mean? They've got alone. What do you mean? What are they doing with it?
#OFFSET: 1996
Unknown:  Yeah, they must have liked better interest accounts or something where you know, look after that get the put the money in the right thing. So it do you think that Bob Geldof sort of write them a check it goes over and he's in the area copter and there's there's millions of them and there goes down off from Boomtown Rats. There's one man that can help ya. I hope he doesn't saying he's not going to say he's got some money for us and he comes down and he goes they are to want to check or detects quick second. We don't take switch because there's a check they they get things like again though, isn't it?
#OFFSET: 2027
Unknown:  You know used to work here. Bob is lovely fellow in that bears lovely man, but how many times can save the world?
#OFFSET: 2032
Unknown:  It is is over there again helping out and it's like well, you know, what do you do? Are you saying don't bother because it keeps happening.
#OFFSET: 2042
Unknown:  No, I thought well, I'm not saying that you know, I mean, I'm not Daft but that's what you're thinking. I'm Carl you are dark. Yeah, exactly. I just I don't know what the answer is, you know, I mean, so you're just saying wash your hands of the whole Affair leave them to it. Yeah. Sure. I really just saying it's sort of its nature. It's tough luck just don't interfere like a wildlife program. Is that what you're saying? Don't you know, you make sure you're saying it's not my concern. This has got about every can. We do cheeky freak of the week.
#OFFSET: 2079
Unknown:  Oh God, my my hey, hey out of the blue from the album rust never sleeps by Neil Young such a brilliant Zone. He's a great great musician is amazing. Yeah. He's incredible. I think we're playing the oh, yeah.
#OFFSET: 2102
Unknown:  Young track a week. Okay from now until Christmas brilliant. Okay. All right. Excellent on Xfm. Wonderful .9 looking raggedy Stephen Merchant and Karl Pilkington. We're talking about the homeless. I saw a homeless guy in the week as I was walking in Finchley Road, and he was peering in the window of one of the addictions or something like that. Just checking out the details on one of those cable TV packages. I thought one step at a time if but how many leave firstly I don't know start eating your dinner off a plate. Yeah, and then work your way up to you know have
#OFFSET: 2132
Unknown:  My screen TV. I wrote a little television but it's all did well that that my aunt one because it's like I keep getting recognized by homeless people and I never know what to say. I do is either they they're not really homeless and they've you know, they don't know they've got sort of digs of someone they watch television or the scariest one is that they they become homeless in the last few months short see the officer. I think. Oh God, that's really scary or they are watching it in Dixon's there. Can I go in the office is on tonight?
#OFFSET: 2162
Unknown:  Yeah, what you doing gonna Dixon or they think you're one of them all that well either by the way, you'd run out some that probably in the not quite. Yeah. I got their faculties and maybe a bit worse for wear think they recognize me and there they all scenarios. We're going when we were we were chatting. I was going yeah. Yeah II and it's just a recognize someone right? Yeah, but that's that's a bit weird. But I mean, I think that's the worst thing I'm going so I don't a serious now it is outside Health. Well what we took
#OFFSET: 2192
Unknown:  Our in-house and I sort of got these standards where I've been to Art caught in the street, but the ones that I choose, I'd always think Charlie is what touches you can't change the world. You can change your bit. So can't obviously because my mum so give to cancer and I think outside Health the next one must be being homeless because there's nothing you can do. It's got everything. It's you scared rule it cold. It's just everything even if you're healthy and homeless eventually you're not going to be what I just I have to feel bad because you know, I
#OFFSET: 2222
Unknown:  I always feel that I want to give to the the health Charities. Look at San Francisco's. There's that fear that I might get it what? Yeah, it's not just that it's just like yeah, if you're not Health that that's the first thing isn't it if you like if your life's been threatened there's nothing else you can really worried about. Yeah if I makes it wrong though that I'm sort of it's like I'm investing in a possible future. Yeah. Well, not really because it's the same for everyone isn't it? But you know, oh, that's what homeless guy as well.
#OFFSET: 2252
Unknown:  Looking through the bins, but he wasn't putting out food scraps who's pulling up newspapers. She's having a read. Yeah, I was always find that old. I see that a lot homes close identified. Just check it out the TV listings, but he finally gets his Wednesday all things aren't ya? Yeah. I've moved it. I've moved it to choice and UK go I don't. I mean I don't blame him because I mean there is some cracking stuff on cable TV as a great stuff. I was looking through the day and on digital TV, you can see what other shows are on while you're watching something. I was thinking through and there was one and it was called know. When are you ever in the mood to?
#OFFSET: 2282
Unknown:  Watch a TV show called I Survived a 200-pound tumor Amazon because it seems to me that you've got on your pension. Will you please watch something else? I'll take your mind off it because I do whatever I'm not 200 pounds. Well, I do I can't imagine what this is a 200-pound tumor. I keep must have been an error 200-pound tumor. It must have been a 200 pound tuna. It'll be someone fell in the water and it kind of exploded on the phone Hyuna. Yeah, and it was just a spelling mistake sure a 200-pound to
#OFFSET: 2312
Unknown:  That's like isn't that like kind of having that facility? So that is another pair made. Oh my God, baby. It was a it all his life. They told me it was a Siamese twin but someone had just paint a little face on it when he was at school from Little Thing. Exactly. And that kind of it's not your twin brother goes, isn't it? There's no it's a tumor we better take off. It's 200 pounds 200 pounds that can't be right. It wasn't 20 pounds. I'm assuming that's what it would be probably would have been but I certainly turn depends on the digital thing. I maybe that's a mistake. That's great, isn't it?
#OFFSET: 2342
Unknown:  They're trying to make it more interesting. Yes. I'm not Carl right there 20 pound tumor. Let's make it 200 at least there was usually that's what I'd be like the hell wouldn't I want to go to the doctors? You know, I'm like, I thought 200-pound tumor and how it's just that thing. I mean, you know, I'm like I don't like it depends where it is as well taking your clothes off and all that. This will pressure in it wasn't like anything being touched here. And then when he said he wanted it doesn't check his balls. He doesn't like the feel that's live with me.
#OFFSET: 2372
Unknown:  He doesn't like the feel I think do you mean that you don't like what it feels like in your balls when you're fiddling with them because I imagined it that you meant you don't like the feel. I in your fingertips. You don't like the feel of your balls. It's the thing of you start thinking about what you're actually touching and there's something in there and you might break and all that. I don't like and they are delicate. I'm scared with a little wobbly bits. Yeah what not believe it.
Unknown: 
#OFFSET: 2408
Unknown:  The out the doctors. It's that thing of it's not taking your clothes off in front of him. All right, it's the way you've got to take your clothes off. But yeah she to go behind that curtain to do it first. There's more pressure because then you come walking out with nothing on. Yeah. Yeah rather than if I just sat there and the chat and he's going so yeah. Have you been it's like, all right, and just checking the pump. Yeah. Exactly. It's the Proctors dirty clothes off and you came out and he's but he's lit a candle and it was
#OFFSET: 2436
Unknown:  Music I loved what they did is nice today. He said if you'll make you feel more relaxed, I'll take my clothes off. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, but also in the form of a striptease now Carl, I'm gonna ask you the question knowing the answer. What do you think of fur may be a gay doctor? Just checking the test without is it professionally just happen to be gay that would never happen with it. What are you talking about? Why not? Oh speaking of gosh doctors know if people are not you know when we discussed.
#OFFSET: 2467
Unknown:  Okay, only toilets. Yeah, it's only looks like it's coming into action. That doesn't right. No way. It was mentioned again. We're on your head. No, I think you think that people in positions of power listening to the show getting ideas from you. Tony Blair. Make sure Wonder night he goes. I'm not the funny thing is why are they getting upset?
#OFFSET: 2490
Unknown:  Why gay people getting upset that they don't have to have their own toilets car? You don't know what you're talking about anymore psylocke. You don't know. Okay, can we have this Placebo this picture on Xfm? 104.9 Steve you thinking of taking over as reduce aren't you? Well, I just think it's a shambles. I've asked for cheeky freak of the week and it appears that Cole's not ready. It's not prepared. No, I can't remember.
#OFFSET: 2519
Unknown:  Right. It's just I like to have all demo content for The Listener about you just a whole bunch of adverts and Placebo in all things showing where I'm gonna chat not right. Do you want to sort yourself out future? Yeah. Someone even is what we're talking about. Someone emailed in about they watch the 200-pound tumor thing and when it was removed, it was carried away in a wheelbarrow. All right, Carl said what even wench and it removes she still carried it around in a wheelbarrow and he went I thought it sort of like she's got become attached to it.
#OFFSET: 2549
Unknown:  Do you think I mean you are you definitely are my favorite thing in the world? It's great. Look at the way he's looking but I think they're all the same the people. I mean, I've had more emails about people saying I watched the 200-pound tumor and I shave me up and anything else do know that when we ask yeah, nothing exciting concept took about political issues, especially my name is Ed. I tuned in to the 200-pound tumor documentary. It looked discussion. I couldn't watch for long. What were you expecting? Yeah, they might sing and dance.
#OFFSET: 2583
Unknown:  These are really your listeners car now. I think we've had you know, I mean you'd be sort of Define janeshia attract your I think me and Steve are pretty much just here. I think the people that we had in the early days or if they've long since abandoned dust they jump ship. I really bad butt jobs. Yeah a bunch of their out now therefore they've been releasing that leave that there okay their life back together. I'm Constable college, but you you freak. I've got like a couple of bits. Like I say, I'm got the in-depth stuff that I know.
#OFFSET: 2609
Unknown:  I know because usually it's you know, it's pretty sides of it. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah do the jingle we gotta move for come with a new one of me. Well the freak C'est Chic cheeky freak of the week. All right, well couple of couple of bets. I don't know which one to use as the main feature for this week that good. Is it well, it's been another one born little kid you on Four Eyes insult.
#OFFSET: 2639
Unknown:  Go wears glasses before I have four eyes two noses to mouth. That's what in this bloke. Did. He also have two eggs two bodies sort of bonds or slightly separately. It wasn't stood next to a mirror. No, we're about it. That's all you've got. I love that. That's the way that it went to the doctor said that well mrs. Some parks. Um, he's got four eyes and two noses weird any clues
#OFFSET: 2670
Unknown:  And he concludes so that's it. That's it. That's all the information once I Wanna Be the main one. I say all the time. I always say think about it. Think about what that would be like.
#OFFSET: 2686
Unknown:  Okay, whoa giving birth to him and being I think it's girl being like her to mouths.
#OFFSET: 2697
Unknown:  For Eyes, what would that be like?
#OFFSET: 2703
Unknown:  Madden it
#OFFSET: 2705
Unknown:  I don't know. I don't know what this feature is. Is there another one is that you said? I really hope everyone took the opportunity that during that silence to just think about what it would be like, I know I was she could she talk with a mouthful. What does that allow? She's got to amaze. Yeah. Yeah. Would that be alright in her house? She beating. Yeah, she can talk with one mouth and eat with the other aspects in the main one, right? You've thought about that. That's good the main chica freak of the week. I'm got all the details smallest person ever. All right. Well, I'll be gorgeous out.
#OFFSET: 2735
Unknown:  His car was now so like holding his hands up like a fisherman long ways. That's about 1 foot. Right smallest smallest man in the world. I printed the thing off and I can't find it as a little picture of him, right the odd thing was but as why have you asked me? How did it say or was it a picture of him? I didn't really read it because half of course, he didn't jeez. I just saw it and thought Oh, that's what he is writing. Try seemed it was natural size. Is that big? But what do you mean it was that big little fellow?
#OFFSET: 2765
Unknown:  But why are you doing that what it was a page with a little fella out, you know, that was natural size. No, it was because it said it's world's smallest mom. And the funny thing is Ive member. I've read the first line. I always read the first line. It said well done. Well done. The weird thing is you've got a head like a light bulb.
#OFFSET: 2783
Unknown:  The shape of it. Apparently that's got anything to do with this show God that that big his name is mr. Watts and the Indian oil thing is what got me is if you're that big, yeah.
#OFFSET: 2797
Unknown:  Don't have your picture taken next to a fruit bowl.
#OFFSET: 2801
Unknown:  Why was having his photo taken a storybook? And now if ever the photographer was obviously I'm in a bit of a laugh. Yeah, and it's expense because you would just stand in the middle of nowhere. You look normal. And that way was it was stood there. It's leaning on an Apple. Why is this in what world is this if I show their advertising? No, no, it was it was.
#OFFSET: 2831
Unknown:  He gonna continue talking just legal nothing. Just leaving me up man. You know if I boost and it's my chihuahua, you're not taking the piss higher. No, not at all. No good. You do. I need all this magic box. Yeah leaning on an apple and that's where it's at. So it just said is the world's smallest man. Do you know a policeman said about his had been like a light bulb? I don't know what that meant. And I start right that that will do that sort of cheeky really weak do nothing. That was unlike Monday. All right. I found that I thought that's done print it off forgot to get it off the
#OFFSET: 2861
Unknown:  A photocopier someone's nicked it play record that you've got to you know, it's just that I don't see no. Can I just say no Paul. Please know if I say let's actually configure the week and you haven't done your research. You haven't got the information just tell us you can't do it but don't lead us on don't say that in a shroud. Yeah, I'll hold your hand up to me and go out. All is that it's nothing. That's right. It's nothing. I think it was that big because he was leaning on an Apple not enough information that magic Trevor McDonald coming are going some news some stuff. How big is that?
#OFFSET: 2891
Unknown:  I bet you think that is yeah, there was a fella. Yeah coming up after it Kristin Moore Chris Tarrant it by record. I just I'm angry. I'm actually angrier if monkey news is anyway in any way similar. You've really pulled your finger up with that be good. That's what Buster's answers neck.
#OFFSET: 2920
Unknown:  Supersonic how Isis on Xfm 104.9 right getting through it. It's the rock Busters is dat the requisite results ready because it's at this is an are very important result is whether they stay in the Premiership or are relegated. This is the playoffs for Carl. Okay, you need three points. You need three points.
#OFFSET: 2945
Unknown:  Tie up Carl gone, right the a lot of right answers and that that's that's that's in your favor. You know. Okay, the first clue was the doctor said part of the foot and the leg was no good. So you took them off you threw him away. Yeah the initials TB. Yeah right gone.
#OFFSET: 2970
Unknown:  Toe knee Bennett. All right, that's Tony Bennett. Tony Bennett. Tony Bennett. Yeah, okay as a warning that's a yellow card as a yellow card, but if you can still get the points because his name's not been it.
#OFFSET: 2989
Unknown:  Tony brilliant Tony perfect upon toe knee is name's Tony. Perfect. Bennett knows name's Bennett see what was that is is in London this week as well. So I don't know if it's sold out - are you on drugs or I view I did I actually crack your head did I actually give you some brain damage because you're worse than usual now. It's like go on the second one.
Unknown: 
#OFFSET: 3021
Unknown:  Not Scottish fellow. We've got a speed this show. I'm going on I'm just gonna make sure it's right. We don't want to look stupid. That's Scottish monster has got a bit of a tan. I don't think we can look stupid in this material at the TTD that Scottish monsters got a bit of a tan the answer there the darkness I'll give you that. All right. Well done and the last wall goal. The 60 singer had are totally the way whilst having it away. You won't be seeing him again the initials F&M. That's Faith No More.
#OFFSET: 3051
Unknown:  Adam Faith No doesn't count. Why not?
#OFFSET: 3057
Unknown:  Adam Faith No More, I don't fight no more. So so what is the clue is the clue Adam Faith or is it fake their horseface dispose just Faith No More singer. So we got that that's not safe the next week. What is the winner? What do you make of it? You've got the deciding vote roulette. Come on. I mean, you know my family where it works right now, but he's mixed-up what cryptic isn't that because it start because the the fella I mean Adam Faith did they actually die having it away the knee
#OFFSET: 3087
Unknown:  Yeah, so it's all about it's all right, all the facts are right.
#OFFSET: 3091
Unknown:  Anyway, so Karthik is got a reprieve. I think I'll give it to him. I think I've got to give it to him. The last thing I have is we actually pulled out the bad that one there's no there's no Jamaican fellas. Let us see an icebergs or you know, Whitney Houston The close you came to is Bennett Bennett and I'll give him let him off that I'll be a fair ref are well very enough and well done to you know, I'm always a fan of names that for some reason just destroyed me or tickle me. Yeah, and this week the lucky winner is Dave suckling.
#OFFSET: 3124
Unknown:  There's nothing there's nothing amazing about that. There's someone out to Dave suckling. Okay, so well suckling wins its tackling takes the prized Enterprises and well done to him. I guess there's more of that next week and we're fast approaching the end of the show Rick. I know you are excited about that as I well. I know but that is the best to come because we've still got Bruce Springsteen coming up now followed by monkey monkey needs an amazing. What an amazing show this is
Unknown: 
#OFFSET: 3165
Unknown:  News excellent. So one can use time on Xfm Karl Pilkington the man in the hot seat Co-op you got for us. Okay one can use this week and we've covered a lot of stuff.
#OFFSET: 3183
Unknown:  We have indeed now. Do you know like there's places where you can go for like we can rest and stuff you. Can you relax you're sitting A Little Spa you have a swim your stuff. Well, they've got a place done for monkeys Crossing at night. They can go there. They can relax forget it out all the stuff. They've got going on their head. You can have a manicure. It's got nice meals. It's not called a manicure though. It's called a Timber kill Beauty.
#OFFSET: 3213
Unknown:  Yeah, right. Look good and stuff. Yeah, we'll look at feel good. Yeah now you might think last pretty normal well.
#OFFSET: 3222
Unknown:  The bit I don't tell you about is it's actually run by a couple of chin. Let's just think about it. Think about it.
#OFFSET: 3252
Unknown:  What do you mean? This is of course is not run by a couple in Tim's what they do get a loan, right if a chimp. Yes all the rest. Yeah.
#OFFSET: 3261
Unknown:  Where would you go to a place? That's run by humans that don't what don't they don't know what chimps needs are my boys is this how did they get it together? How did to talk to chimps what? Mr. And mrs. Chimp went for those? Who are they what we need The Spar I think it started off quite simple. Right? Just just you know, basic basic stuff believe expanded over time because it's become so popular. It's gone mantle down there cool. Now the thing is the problem is this right? That isn't even the the top and
#OFFSET: 3291
Unknown:  Of it right Christ. Our problem is it's been going on and on and on right? It's been it's been earning a lot of money and stuff. The monkeys are happy the monkeys that go there are loving it. They're telling friends and stuff at all coming to it. Now. The problem is it's this little little monkey little man monk in a little woman monkey, right? Yeah. It was sort of girlfriend and boyfriend sort of little open relationship. They can play around if they all the problem is they're not married right now trouble Brewing the lad monkey.
#OFFSET: 3319
Unknown:  Fella monkey. He's getting quite old and the problem is because it's his name that's down on all the whole car. I'm getting scared. Now. Let him finish. It's his name on the business and the problem is
#OFFSET: 3337
Unknown:  Is message is kind of Life. What's gonna happen? Sure, what you have to do I is from what internet how I don't know where to start. Now. This is the conscience. Can we just really end? This is ridiculous. So the problem is
#OFFSET: 3356
Unknown:  The the killer monkeys worried that the male monkey horizontal die what can happen with the business. What's going to happen course right. Now? What do you mean the business? The the hair is my business. It's a joke. You're not listening. His name's on the form the mail make his name. Now. The problem is the woman monkey has got some kids, but because they're not brought blood relatives. It's not going to be only down to that and the core their kids from a previous monkey Merit. Yeah, right, so
#OFFSET: 3386
Unknown:  They're not going to get it and just check this out. Yeah, otherwise don't check the facts. Otherwise, you could look like at what we were spouting shit on the video. Please check the facts for scientific security just a bit worried because they're saying that the people in Ohio, which is where the where they've got the the little hell thing going on. So I'm actually more believable. This Ohio. I thought you meant it was Berkshire in which case it would be rubbish. It looks like the
#OFFSET: 3416
Unknown:  local people try to get in there. They've seen the success of it sure and then what I'm going to take it over and stuff. Yeah, so give me the piece of paper straight away by records. That's the worst. That's the worst one I've ever heard and you are the something wrong with you. You're educationally subnormal.
#OFFSET: 3436
Unknown:  Polishing from us Tim Buckley Lovely song called Wings back next week. Yeah. You can't know you've spoken many times before?
