#OFFSET: 0
Unknown: Elbow night fallen angel on Xfm 104.9 while we're back and we could raise with me Stephen Merchant and Karl Pilkington. Carl's all little bit attorneys a bit frustrated. He's sort of a bit sweaty and fed up today only because the heat too much fun. It is take it out. Usually quite a fight. You know, he doesn't he's like a fight. I sort of likely don't even try and rub his head. Yeah, but today was get he was sort of leading. It was sort of like getting a little bit. I didn't know better. I said it was sexual frustration.
#OFFSET: 30
Unknown:  Watching Rick if you do mommy said I was watching not in that way just do whatever I want to hit you and I think it does he want to hit me or does he want to do something else to me exactly. What are your thoughts Carl exactly? I'm not sure. I'm still wrestling with you on the floor and you clearly weren't enjoying it. But he was really annoying. Is that going on? What's the change? Why are you suddenly sort of? What are you trying to say? No, I'm not. I'm just saying it was weird that you send the it was like you are all so nice but a bit K. No, don't you saying? No, but what was Suzanne accuse me of that and a weak guy.
#OFFSET: 60
Unknown:  It's been a bit gay. So I'm sure you gay why just because it was my own and about stuff should know you're a drama queen. That's not so probably moaning about not having enough gay sex. No, she didn't have a knob here. It is going on. Why don't you get yourself a nice little nod. Yeah. Uh, can I call you Frank? Did you wear this false beard? Yeah. Yeah, just all talk about later. Was that the Seven Wonders I
#OFFSET: 90
Unknown:  It wasn't that impressed. Hey, he said it's a that. Yeah. Well, we got a good option. But if you are a little bit kind of just a little bit sexually, you know, don't be afraid to let it out. I mean if you want us to relieve you of it, I'd say what that's a little bit of marking my rod some people.
#OFFSET: 112
Unknown:  Um, what's your favorite song in it? Just wait a minute sponge in it. That's weird. I'll talk like to hear what you're singing about a lovely lady. Please call. That's what I you can picture of everyone Maggie Mae on Xfm. 104.9 wonderful device will be Stephen Merchant and Karl Pilkington Steve. Well, I really just read about this and I'm quite I do.
#OFFSET: 142
Unknown:  Anything about it this naked Rambler Steve golf. Yeah as he doing some kind of walk from Land's End to John o'groats as he completely nude. Yeah, he's been arrested ten times on the way. Apparently, right? It says here that Nora Gogh is mum. She's in her 70s. She's begged her son not to walk naked from as a mentor John o'groats. She says, I don't know where you get this from certainly not me. I am and I've always been quite conservative. He would never have been allowed to walk around the house without covering myself up. I won't go as far as to say I'm ashamed of him, but I do not approve of what he is doing having said that it's good to see em on the telly
#OFFSET: 172
Unknown:  Yeah, yeah. Yeah, let's do anything embarrassing till their famous which are embarrassing is but what if I can't believe my son's a serial killer nice to see you on the Telly. It's it will it see looks like one it's not obviously, you know, I mean, what is he doing? I don't understand wouldn't say was and he's not he's just around block just but is there right? What is it? What's his motivation is just walking to do just it's just a nudist. I suppose there's a picture in there and Carl looked any went what's the point of that? He went will look at him. He's got shoes and socks on it's got a
#OFFSET: 202
Unknown:  Box icon is got a hat on is not news. He's just got his knob out. He's got a full beard thinking I wanna hide some skin. Where is this little Chap and either dear pop him out all the time. I can really annoy me because it's in in the supplement today as well with with a mirror, right and they've done they're done a bit about nudists and that yeah again same problems all the time the god.
#OFFSET: 232
Unknown:  There's like an old fella Sattler just as you know, he's old. Well while you're looking car if Wade. Yeah, look at his face. I knew presumably. Yeah, I'm just I'm just saying he's only snack there smoking a pipe sure his sandals on yeah quite normal just with his is know about it was make the same mistake. It's got a little white deck chair. Yeah. Yeah he nudist don't go don't go for white why it's sitting on that again.
#OFFSET: 262
Unknown:  It claimed he and stuff add the white don't go for white cover darker colors. I don't know what you thought Kevin. I love it. I love the fact that he's just got loads of pictures of naked men. Yeah run with nosebleeds and dirty are some that have discussed the news before the I don't understand the impulse at all. I do I do find it bizarre. I mean this picture there are three men nude in a pub. We're just having a chat. Yeah.
#OFFSET: 294
Unknown:  Look at Carl Karim. I mean, okay fair enough walking around outside or indoors in a pub nude when it was being used that must be a nudist holiday are seen as opposed to like the local those though in the desire. There was a thing in Bazaar Magazine the other week. Well, there was a picture of some people they've got an airline of their own now what nudists nude nude Airline so you just you can get on there. You're already start soon.
#OFFSET: 322
Unknown:  You get home sure and but what's the point? Well, I'd be worried about banging against things. You know, it's big. Yeah my shoes and things or spilling the hot when the waitress comes along. Well assessment actually spill hot coffee. Yeah. That's a good point. She has to be nude with the stewardesses after we leave now, but that bit as well where they walk down the aisle and they have to check if you have buckled up Excuse Me Miss. Can you just hand over 50s? So always
#OFFSET: 352
Unknown:  The 50s right? Yeah, so be an old woman on the plane. Yeah, it'll be like, can you just lift you like it up so I can see the belt? Yeah. Yeah, if you've got going to the crunch position. Oh God. Yeah.
#OFFSET: 369
Unknown:  Last thing you say is your John Thomas Don't Close Your Passion into a mountain so far and then what if you've got a Abandon Ship no, no. Well, I explained that. Yeah an island. Exactly. All right, well being picked up by, you know a passing shit Yeah, Carl, you notice they also play volleyball a lot. Don't they? I mean, you've always mentioned that but I thought you were joking, but they love it. Yeah, we've said they said that's what they do they get to
#OFFSET: 398
Unknown:  Special holiday that can only be either they got the idea from to like carry on camping. Yeah, Benny Hill or they actually like it jiggling around as much as possible. Yeah, but is that safe? Well, I seem so you play volleyball with trousers on don't you I wouldn't have thought this about it's like support there. I mean, I was watching Athletics right here the week. Yeah, right and I was watching it cuz there's a laddu went to school with these like winning gold medals and everything.
#OFFSET: 428
Unknown:  They're unloading some stuff, right? So I was looking out for him. Now if you went to school with him, I'm assuming he's got three legs or something. No. No, it's not the regular guys to push me on me go-kart and out. So I feel like I've you've tried was there from the start training off a bit Yeah and watching the program and it was swimming in it and watching that for a bit get a bit annoyed because but that butterfly stroke. Yeah. I don't I don't know why they do that. No. No, I it's just odd.
#OFFSET: 458
Unknown:  He doesn't make you go any faster than let's say the role that stroke for the called ND. That is at that stroke on radio doesn't work the crawl. Yeah, so I was watching nothing. You know, that's annoying. Yeah, and then they got onto the running bit and it makes in this race. Yeah. Now the do the side shot don't lie. So you can see it was in the lead sure and then they do that front shot where it's absolutely pointless. The only reason to do the front shot.
#OFFSET: 487
Unknown:  I think it's to keep women interested because you can basically see his tackle going from left to right in battered all over the place. Why were you looking seriously you had no choice if you want to watch it was that I was interested in was going to win but it's like, you know, what? Why did you never watch eyes Angels instead because I wanted to see if you won the race, but I'll flip back at the end. Just sit back sit through so excited.
#OFFSET: 516
Unknown:  Least turn away or close your eyes with Stephen shot. I wasn't at that just sums up his Suzanne was loving it. Yeah, and I was like whoa, whoa. Whoa. Yeah, just go to the other shop, but they were showing you the front shot and running along there. They could have just shown the top half but they didn't sure it was their heads moving along at 25 miles an hour. Yeah. Well, I think you made the see the running the actual legs moving is an Athletics coverage is that you're like, but they don't show you a shot.
#OFFSET: 546
Unknown:  I'm behind. Did you want that an Ardent on that? It sounds like you were disappointed. Yeah play record. We haven't that radio ad. Yeah, we really want it. He said he last year you remember we began the Shopper talking about knobs. Yeah. I think we got bit more modern use this with a lot of music Radiohead moorcock ahead and go to sleep. That's not to you. Please don't go to sleep on at that hour and 35 minutes of fun chat and great great music.
#OFFSET: 576
Unknown:  - wonderful won't I recognize with me? Stephen Merchant and Karl Pilkington Pilkington all came until curls little baldy twat mank whinging a little bit bent a little closer. There. He is. There he is there. No, right. You may remember that last week. We opened with some quality not news live news and it was it was Hitler's it that it's now Hitler's knob was one of the not just not just sparked off into whole the whole bunch of other. Yeah, no related discuss. Yeah, and I'm pleased so far to see that. We're almost at the halfway.
#OFFSET: 606
Unknown:  Hey Mark, for this first hour. And so far we've only talked about nudity and autologous. Yeah, excellent work from us. Well done. Laughs. Yeah, I'm looking forward to dr. Fox in the rest of the Sony award committee listening to this one. Yeah, but more not news. I don't know what's going on for that may be the only nearly had the eye out knob news not news. Excellent. This is an extraordinary story a woman tried to sue her bosses for 210,000 pounds after finding a cooked penis in a canteen stew Hospital key.
#OFFSET: 636
Unknown:  Sophie sometimes I miss her kind of workplace. Her name was eating goulash for lunch and could not cut one of the lumps of meat you can see where it's going. I've got so many questions already. I know she picked it up and tried to chew it but it was too tough. Then she inspected it with workmate who all agreed. It was a penis imagine that discussion, please. Yeah, Miss Mulatto said she vomited for the rest of the day instantly became a vegetarian and had to have psychiatric help. It's not known whether the
#OFFSET: 666
Unknown:  one was from a human the case continues. Well, it can be found out. So that's one thing obviously that doctors aren't confused and I'll get old and I've never seen one like it. Yeah also, why is she in goulash? I mean that is my first question. Why it yeah, you got your branch or what you want some goulash. Yeah, some goulash goulash like much indeed Lancashire cock pot is on the menu really nice 5050 wine.
#OFFSET: 696
Unknown:  So now I'd love some wings in my face. If you've got any knob related puns not food related puns and Collective m134 to see the 1494 Ricky. Dr. Vayzosa XF m dot you call Chris Miles a 2001. XF m dot whinging mank. Yeah. Okay cock of an cargo vans already done this in their wives and mouse. Cocoa van language Crock-Pot, you know, that's just off the top of our brains. Yeah, you got any of your own kimchi a self-reliant.
#OFFSET: 726
Unknown:  Rested what you make of that knob news and it's in the hospital. I don't think so God. I know your minds thinking already has been a mix-up at what some blokes gone in some lesbians gone in one a sex change. She's got a carrot for once take that would be great.
#OFFSET: 757
Unknown:  You know talk to you butcher. This is not funny. There's some some other news - we're doing the knob news just cram this one in and there's some story on some news website about some lad who wasn't happy with what what what had been given right? What do you mean? Yeah. It's yeah, they're not no no. No, he wanted to have an up. He wasn't happy with what God had given him. Yeah, but look what the Lord had pops downstairs for
#OFFSET: 786
Unknown:  oh it sure. Um, sorry the whether it was he a bloke it wasn't it? Yeah, fella fella and what he wanted what he didn't want to know but we wanted a bigger knob what a big one, right? Okay cost five grand, right? They made a mess of it. Well one of them out of their make a mess of it don't know it came out smaller than we went in with without. What do you mean? Absolutely. I don't know all the ins and outs
#OFFSET: 821
Unknown:  He borrowed the money. There's been a slight mix-up with the money of his mum. I love that. How about is. What do you want for your birthday son? Yeah interesting. Thanks, Mom for asking a couple of this news is well. Hello doctor. How did it go? Well, well firstly Don't Look Under the bandages and don't have the goulash for lunch. Yeah. It was smaller than the old man's got 5 grand why just gonna fuckin up tell me what it's for.
#OFFSET: 846
Unknown:  For you can have every time you what it's for all look at that all you need a big one now. Definitely. There's the money on you go. Nothing can go wrong. Well, they say the doctor then that's rubbish didn't read all the ins and out. So just like I said, I saw this little picture picture, but you just thought well, thanks for you. Just like you put that one in. Thanks. Yeah, that's the idea. They're not new to extra time a cool car. So if you've got any not news, we got one more show left send that to Ricky doctor of a sex offender code. Okay, and we'll hopefully get that knob news on air.
#OFFSET: 876
Unknown:  Sweet. Yeah. All right some Dizzee Rascal. Well, did you ask we age one of the hot new English rappers that clamp loosen your hold South? That's great. And I love that one on xfn 104.9 already devised with me Steve Merchant and Karl Pilkington the carpet the Jacquard tears tears tears what you think or what you been doing this week swing going on? Yeah, you've been miserable called miserable because of the heat obviously that's getting me down. Yeah, it's just the way people wonder about as well with next to nowt.
#OFFSET: 906
Unknown:  On yeah, I'm always amazed by the men it gets just a certain breed of man. I got it. Sometimes it's kind of Builders mechanics taxi drivers van drivers, but not necessarily students all sorts of guys and he also watching walking on the street. They're all going straight girls, you know, we'll see in their summer gear and it's literally Aisha look at those legs are not going it's hard coming. I like I'm gonna stop talking to the makes a check-in at all. It's not like I'm leaving and it's like it's like they sort of forget this like some kind of Amnesia that sweeps over them during this the winter. That is the prize. Yeah, and then it's like every time summer
#OFFSET: 936
Unknown:  Run again and girls probably just I can't believe you're worthy being their back. Yeah, and they get so excited. Excuse me now, but that it's under window things. Oh, yeah plenty how it's great to see him again. Yeah, there's a fellow this morning out just nipped out. I'm going to cup of tea you reading the paper reading that bit about nudist and that sure and that little fella
#OFFSET: 966
Unknown:  must have been somebody five. Okay walks past two socks sort of short sport because he's old. I don't think he's got like a normal pair of shorts. We like soup pants, but short further really smart shorts never seen before that. Yeah. The thing is we're gonna be an old and thin. Yeah, just don't do that. Don't walk around while the legs put the legs in the back Helo like a little tortoise without shell on.
#OFFSET: 997
Unknown:  The cop excited to see George Larry Shadow. Yeah, just to see if it would run really fast and go this is brilliant to Scamper along life's work will testing. I saw I think it's Britain's fattest man. I'm not sure he was huge. I mean, I don't wish him any ill but so big it was ludicrous. He was waddling down Oxford Street and he's genuinely, you know, I'm not a big fan of you know, ginormous people Rick waller for instance turns my stomach. This guy was twice as big he was extremely
#OFFSET: 1026
Unknown:  strawberry and he sat down on a big bench and literally took up the whole space and he reached his bag. He's having his lunch and he was eating an apple and I really felt like I want to slap on the back and goes a bit late for that mate. It's probably starting now. He's probably starting thinking that I wanna make a change and imagine if you just said that yeah and he'd of been awful wasn't it? Yeah. He took a piece like cut it in half put it between two slices of chocolate. Yeah, and I don't know how you gonna wait for a big dick.
#OFFSET: 1056
Unknown:  By shifting his mouth. It's one of the how he gets that big and it was like he'd come out to sort of soak up some of the sun. You know, we look better with a tan. Yeah, was he wearing loose black clothes? He was of course that worked up to a point indeed in the then, you know, there's that it's not fooling anyone vertical stripes. Yeah. Yeah is used we passing thing is night. Yeah, that's it. So
#OFFSET: 1086
Unknown:  So also so that's that's you know, that's been annoying me with the whether or not yeah, and then I love the warm weather and I can't sleep at night. I had two hours in front just went and laid down in front of the window in front of the French window just because it was just too hot last night. But if I could sleep, I love that. Well, I love will come out when it's sunny. It's better for your people are usually happier in a hot way that the sound is good for you. I mean, I it has been hard time. It's hundred degrees is probably too hot to work but mental can't I can't think straight and so yeah.
#OFFSET: 1116
Unknown:  Cody head, isn't it bad for it? Because it just doesn't get that might make your brain a little bit hot. Well, I mean, I'm just got me head-on show about the nudists are worried about them before you were in the Army another another thing that happened in the week. You know, I've just had Builders round so in the kitchen and yeah sure so virtually skin another problem happens boiler starts playing up, right, right, so
#OFFSET: 1146
Unknown:  And you've got a shower in this whether you've got a bit of a shower on that impression of one of you wow shower every day. Anyway, I mean to sometimes but yeah. Yeah, but you don't get any hot water. You can't can it called sales or and gaunt anyway, so fella comes round to 90 quid 20 quid 90 quid all the did turns up says. Oh, yeah, just bang it.
#OFFSET: 1172
Unknown:  You put on the boiler. That's what night you played last time opening the boiler. It cost me Knighthood and there was a there was a lot of leakage then so I know you know understand what you're doing. Yeah, but you know, like I catch him out as well as you know, like, you know, I know that they're up to no good and stuff. They don't earn the money sure and it was in the bathroom. So I sort of creep up and I try and stick my head round the door to see what he's already broken the bathroom, right? What's weird, Nick?
#OFFSET: 1202
Unknown:  Creep up to a man in the bathroom and put your drum without seeing you but I know fair enough, right? Do you want to go over what happened that time when we were in the pub and I go to the toilet and you'll try again. What happened is that normal go happened? Let's go - it's gone not Shane what happened? What happened? Well, don't start storing and don't finishing or do it later chuckle and you kinda keep go to have a place to live.
#OFFSET: 1232
Unknown:  Avoid me Annoying him, right? So what I did I got some of that liquid so I just put it open squirt on him and he came out going. It's like someone's just effing jizzed on me. I've got everything G zombie back. That's what through Soho tell me that I was walking to so and what was it we had to go to the div those people Wednesday some of the we had a business meeting like that. And that what I was woke up more by the IV was sparked after 11:00.
#OFFSET: 1262
Unknown:  I was going down Old Compton Street. And as I got to just go and past Mamma Mia, so make me on the shoulder. I look down and obviously it was bird shit. But just what breath is my Split Second. I thought it looked like jizz and I said, I just thought I'll God because and I saw one time I thought right I went I gotta wash my hands like getting it. What obviously wasn't is it was different. It was pretty busy l don't write this pamphlet once when I was at you
#OFFSET: 1292
Unknown:  Hello, Terrence Higgins trust left this pamphlet and it was all stuff like safe sex and it was tough. Honestly, it said things like you don't have to have full course. It said you can do lots of things with your lover like
#OFFSET: 1313
Unknown:  Except life I come with some fruit egm Ellen. It says with friends just come on the back of one of them. Right? And then this is the bit that made me think and I thought oh my god when I look down so on the shoulder it says window any passing. So if anyone's got
#OFFSET: 1341
Unknown:  Fanfare it was brilliant. So yeah good right. Well, let's play around with no Littman's just got like this really show. He's back on its ephemeral 4.9 before the fall that we had we had spunk in use but can you coming up monkey news? That's the sort of linked. This is dr. Fox is no better than this. It must see we're getting better now.
#OFFSET: 1371
Unknown:  Now if you got any other news there Carl.
#OFFSET: 1376
Unknown:  Well, you just talking about bird mock. Look classy show. They say yeah, just having a barbecue into this. Yeah generation offers talking about coming on windows again darling. Let's put me off me sausages now while I was walking down down the street and this pigeon Sparrow, whatever did its thing.
#OFFSET: 1406
Unknown:  And it landed on the air and so I'm not going to wipe it off. I don't want to get it on the end. I thought we'd leave it till I get home, so it's probably went to work.
#OFFSET: 1435
Unknown:  Those best man so - speeches that is brilliant. It was on there for about I don't know half an hour's not brilliant power get home and I guess not gonna slowly use them, you know certainly a hard right and so corroded me about it. Leave it there. Then why not just wipe it off with something you can pop in a new station by some tissues and then I look stupid.
#OFFSET: 1465
Unknown:  David what? Hey, where is the bird smack on your ear? Brilliant? They're all they're all wearing that now, but now what what is it that he is that chocolate has helped really strongly alkaline, isn't it? Always add acid it I don't know maybe someone knows his birthmark acidic or alkaline, but it is corrosive. Yeah. Yeah. We're in seep into your brain when you want to do a set up songs of phrase. Yeah God.
#OFFSET: 1496
Unknown:  If you've not heard the show before I thought we were doing this this week. I know we'll do it once right and the next week's the last one so we'll do rock posters leave. It might be the last one ever depending on whether Carl decides to come back in October or not. I'm bored. I told you I'm bored of it what you do with it. I get bored quickly stuff.
#OFFSET: 1515
Unknown:  Yeah, I told I told Suzanne even I was lucky few hours. I'm got not rip got rid of her yet. She's kept telling her things. You've got on a soft music though the first yeah, you did just like start getting that Runner to then. I know you're very lucky girl. Sorry. Well, I used to get ball within that. Yeah, I'm pissed off. Yeah you want on the champagne a lot, but she's an idea. What's that on your ear? Don't worry about it walk into a pictures right against
#OFFSET: 1545
Unknown:  Bruce Almighty sure why not just sites are saying yeah, so you were you were trying to sneak in the back. So on the way coming across Leicester Square and those fellows who sell roses it comes over you want one you launch the don't do that. She's allergic to them. All right. So so it go away. Yeah. She got all annoyed about that because she's not allergic to them. Well, she's not always, you know butter there are three quid each what the point of all that she really wants a rose is that you're willing to spend
#OFFSET: 1575
Unknown:  Three pounds on it taking us to the pictures that that was I did you pay for those. Did you know if I know you you had a dressed up as a small child? Yeah me and my son, please all you made us sit on your shoulder as well along Coco. Yeah. Exactly. Anyway, listen songs are phrase fan paid for it going and then you another tight watching monster. Yeah is no fuck both of us either, but tell me about what it's like, right. So let's explain what songs are phrases you do it, okay.
#OFFSET: 1605
Unknown:  Really if you think that Carl is bored with life, then you will be even more bored. Once you've heard this particular quiz, the gist of it is that Carl has taken a well-known phrase while saying stop be there. No one in face. I'm at that. He said once on this show. Yeah, probably and he's somehow comp compiled together a number of different songs, which have somehow built up that particular phrase or sentence and if it's anything about Chinese people Philip Bailey will be involved. That's all I can say. Okay, let's hear it then go.
Unknown: 
#OFFSET: 1645
Unknown:  All right. I don't know what that was. This is appalling. This is important cow cow. I do not know what that is. What is the price just was saying last week about everyone's raving about Galileo know everyone's raving about Beyonce and Robbie Williams. They're not very
#OFFSET: 1667
Unknown:  People don't want label what you into Galileo's good. Yeah, forget it now to see Bo some for Carl their special needs on Xfm 104.9 on which arise with me Steve Merchant Karl Pilkington. We were doing songs of phrase. Oh, yeah, I forgot about that. Oh God. So what is this phrase? What is the phase car last week? We were talking about Galileo. Right? And I just was saying years ago, and I can't remember now. When was it? When was he doing his thing?
#OFFSET: 1697
Unknown:  NG end of the 16th century link, right and he was messing about try to find out about speed of light something, you know, he did lots of did lots of stuff going on. All I was saying is graphic. Sure. Everyone was saying stop messing with that because it's a lie, you don't mean there was other things that people would have been happier with sure like then what do ya say the phrase is the phrase exactly is what the well-known phrase is. What cover Rio.
#OFFSET: 1727
Unknown:  That was last night. So it's got a Liars. Stop talking to me about science make me television make me television. Yeah, so your email in with the bands and that brilliant. Well, that is Rock Bottom. Call me that the world and face being Galileo's.
#OFFSET: 1757
Unknown:  I told me about science make me television as a well-known phrase is the one of the weirdest things I've ever forget Jays are windows and things like that. That is the weirdest thing. I've heard on radio as a competition coming on that one next week. Here are the prices if you think Rick you think the quiz, it's Rock Bottom. I know that.
#OFFSET: 1787
Unknown:  Very much pushing new music on Xfm and it's alternative music. So you'll be pleased that we're giving away Now That's What I Call Music 55 featuring the likes of busted and Daniel Bedingfield brilliant. You really know how to cater to our audience. Don't you the best dance album in the world that includes DJ Sammy scooter and Liberty X. Look forward to that. Yeah. This is not so bad Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds a live DVD of a part of a performance at some important need again, but Connie,
#OFFSET: 1820
Unknown:  That basically sums up the prizes. So I won't tell you the rest are all monotonous. But anyway, I think those crisps Rick have gone down the wrong way or although I was eating cool actually final final fun. So anyway, yeah, that's that's some of the prices and you can win some tat. You can identify. These aren't the well-known phrase Galileo's don't totally about science make me television.
#OFFSET: 1857
Unknown:  I am calling for easy this week. I think those yeah clerical collar. I mean, it's ridiculous. Ricky doctor vaes @ XF m dot Q dot U, k-- the pictures pictures on Xfm. 104.9 holiday song is talking about people coming around and just bang in the boiler and charging 90 quid I think was glass.
#OFFSET: 1877
Unknown:  - we had a dripping tap, right and it started off just dripping a little bit and then after a cut, I thought you know would get that sorted out. We couldn't actually turn the tap couldn't it was just solid whether they're the washer gone and then over Christmas like it's got those for Christmas. It just started flowing. It was just like on and I think this is terrible afterwards. There was a hot tap and cause everything is so chaotic going on.
#OFFSET: 1907
Unknown:  And everything had been goes down. So I called an emergency plumber Christmas. Yeah, but it couldn't get it. Just turn the tap off. All right, so he was trying to try and and in the end he said well, what I could do is I could just squash the pipe. All right cut the pipe squash it and then you could change the whole thing. Oh, yeah, whatever right because I kind of listened to us. So where is I gotta go to the van and he got this tool came up to squash soup. I was really young that. I wasn't strong enough. So I had to help him squash the pipe right? It's crossed the pipe.
#OFFSET: 1937
Unknown:  Cut it put a little nozzle on it, you know just say that right and I was under 90 quid hundred eighty quid and I'm gonna say surely. That's half mine. Yeah. I hope to announce that I'm being sarcastic Johnny was I was going how much is that tool? You went zoom button on quit. I went pay for itself in it. Yeah, that's going can I get one of them is going to be a game anyway out obviously. Yeah, and then he went I wrote a check for an Antiquated and he went our I didn't charge you for the nozzle on the end of it. No you went I said, how much is that when he said to his leg?
#OFFSET: 1967
Unknown:  Only get cash for that two pounds fifty hundred. Ninety two pounds fifty. We had even really sort of the problem and what can you do? What can you do? You know, it wasn't with me off. That's the prices. Yeah, it's not going to go. I'll tell you what make because you helped me call it quit. Yeah buy me lunch. It's not gonna happen. Yeah. My mate was locked out of his flat once and he went out and shut the door behind him. And that was it and he looked through the letterbox and he could see his keys. I found a locksmith says luck. Can you come around I can see
#OFFSET: 1997
Unknown:  Keys right this time I got anyone. Well, yeah, but that doesn't mean I said I'm gonna try is 90 quit and he went 90 quid went but I can see the keys he went. Yeah, I can get him for you and he went and my mind said you're going to come around you'll decide to be 90 quid and you're going to screw up my keys up with a bent coat hanger. And that locksmith said have you got a bent go animate brilliant, but it's a fair point isn't it to have a point? That's it it what can you do? Yeah, I'd have gone hat.
#OFFSET: 2027
Unknown:  Thanks for the expert advice and then asked a neighbor for a bent coat hanger and they went well, we're called it under crib. That's more expensive locks. Well, yeah, because you'll go into illegal Traders. We've got no license. Yeah, we gotta go that way one case we get fine. That's what was going on when you know the fellows around the other day fixing the boiler in the bathroom. Just want to make sure that it was that was working on Excel went quiet in there. Hmm you had the door Showtime track have a little quick quick.
#OFFSET: 2057
Unknown:  Don't peep saying if he's doing anything, what should I do? It sounds just pushing the door slowly and it's going down come in as like what you doing. Well, what was he doing? No, well, then he's like three down probably doing a crossword. That's what annoys me the way that you know, it's all secret. You're not coming in and usually I'd bang now and he's probably start their crossword three down giving it the old just now and again with his foot. Just click just annoying.
#OFFSET: 2088
Unknown:  Yeah, Wednesday charging like it's just on the night. He quit here. Yeah, and all they said was now give it a bang. If you don't work again, give it a bang. What does that mean that their block and they just like what? I don't know. It's not that complicated that you wouldn't think a boil is that complicated? It's not like understanding, you know how fast breeder works or a computer. It's a big lump of metal without watering it out. How can we not know that we're discussing this Damien playing with trying to work out our fridge works right? Pretty cool.
#OFFSET: 2117
Unknown:  Magic is the magic comes down the electricals into the frozen peas. That's what I thought. Yeah. Yeah cardstock. So I know it's not do the hydro fluorocarbons are can exist at much lower temperatures without freezing. So when they're in the fridge sort of under pressure as they flow around because they're in the pressure goes down. They take energy from the air perhaps a discussion to have I still can't figure out I've never quite as withheld plane stays in the air.
#OFFSET: 2148
Unknown:  It always unnecessary when I'm in a plane turn on a tap on getting more basically gonna go girl goes walking. Yeah. Yeah, here's a better science for you gone right read the other day. Yeah, if your dog a big, oh my God started digging say in wherever the truth whole Square. All right, you dig a big ol you keep digging and you go right through the Earth.
#OFFSET: 2178
Unknown:  Out to the other side. Yeah, so you somewhere in Australia or something, right? Yeah, and then you go back to come back again. Come back to London right stand next to the whole jump in it. Apparently you can jump through the world in 42 minutes. It's interesting. But then I was thinking will you fall and then when you come out the other end, would you fall back again? Well, yeah, you would wouldn't you what?
#OFFSET: 2207
Unknown:  Is you'd accelerate 10 meters per second per second to the Center of the Earth. So you haven't but you know, but you have such inertia you'd nearly go as far out the other end before it was like a bungee jump so you'd nearly get as far as the other end. And then you'd go back again and you keep going until back and forth getting getting further and further away from making it until you went did a little bit of a sort of back-and-forth in the
#OFFSET: 2237
Unknown:  Then you stay still in the center. Have you drilled a hole through the effect in touch email exhales all kind of UK and just let us know how you got all did you get to the other side? Did you get to Australia? Did you buy one of those funny cork hats still see Paul Hogan. How does a fish work?
#OFFSET: 2263
Unknown:  Darkness growing on me Xfm 104.9 I'm ready to raise with me Stephen Merchant and Karl Pilkington. I board got lost in denying a little conversation. Yeah, you're talking about quantum physics to be. Yeah. I was explaining what a black hole was because we're talking like that as well last night and just halfway through he just went. Yeah, I put these headphones on. Yeah brilliant. Yeah, cause he speaks with such Authority about things that he thinks he knows about and when he's tried, yeah.
#OFFSET: 2291
Unknown:  I tried to explain to him about stuff that you know, he thinks it goes now got course ghosts exist and it would explain why it's conceivable. They don't know it can't be kind of bothered with that. Yeah, if you did all your learning about 12 in yeah. Yeah, but I'm still picking bits up now without irony of you learned recently anything interesting recently learned Darwin. That's why I was asking you about him, right? Yeah down. We know what he did. I don't know what I did. I just
#OFFSET: 2321
Unknown:  read the other day that they've they've got a treatment for whatever illness. He had. That's a bit late. Imagine that saying that's his fault it Darwin do what did Darwin do? I know you were just trying to explain it to me, but I'm busy doing stuff on account took it all in masks and certainly adds output and CDs and you can often not news. No, but before any theory of evolution based on natural selection, yeah, but wait wait though. Do you think that's good? You think he's sitting
#OFFSET: 2352
Unknown:  Well done you impressed with that because you're not impressed things like I do you find with his head new one, so it's gravity but it was already there. If we'd been floating around it been a problem. We weren't so keep out of it. That's what you said. You said Einstein. I've never used EMC squared in my life at the bloke affect the video recorder. I watch one a week. So I wonder if you're impressed by Darwin formulating. I think the most important scientific theories since Newton's Laws as they made a difference.
#OFFSET: 2381
Unknown:  Or whatever. He said would have happened. Anyway, you can't do that. You're not allowed to say that you can't say Well done out of found eventually. Anyway, you can't do that. You've got to give people their jujin. I mean, but but now it's difficult to find stuff because there's less to find out now, huh? It's not a competition. And what scale and what scale are you looking at? Why do you mean there's less to find out well now I mean, they're bringing stuff out that
#OFFSET: 2409
Unknown:  Don't mean it's really cold. Well, yeah sure didn't see the point in that little iPod je actually listed the three songs. He'd ever want to carry around with him. I can't remember they were one of the three songs that you can ignore gee. Can I enjoy doing it house probably have Elvis in the ghetto right yet moving living in the city Stevie. Do I like to know why that because that's that's like a little film to him. Yeah, that's three songs wears a little story knows the ending but it's someone singing it to him a little just put them on my eyes. How many songs Keo
#OFFSET: 2440
Unknown:  Put that on 7R thousand times sure. We don't need to do here. I mean that is like that joke that the wish put up might have been on seven of those like, yeah that joke about you got three wishes. It says a never-ending battle against Isis and here's the second which you have two more of these. Yeah, that's you don't need to put them on 7,000 times. Do you?
#OFFSET: 2462
Unknown:  Well, you don't have to never mind can't never mind answer is rushing in we should point out for the quiz most of them agreeing that it's pointless something to record. It is sometimes afraid of course, some people have referring to it now our songs of ours which is more than appropriate but you'll be pleased to know that the attending this week and next week. We've got the return of the even more pitiful Rock Buster's for the last one that's back for the last one. We perhaps also need your petitions to Kyle if you want us to stay
#OFFSET: 2492
Unknown:  The are the need to petition Carl giving good reasons why he should stay why this show isn't boring or rather why you should be bored by it. I mean you're bound to be bored as listeners, but obviously, he's running out of steam now, why did it work? What are you fed up with your just fed up with General are having you want your Saturday's back to you. Just want a better life back. That's all but you don't do anything with your life, which is what you do this instead of like your day job can't my important and get a job in it. That's what happens the company money and that
#OFFSET: 2522
Unknown:  Wow, so what you did what you do a regular show then sack someone who's you know, quite frankly not one of in the way. I don't know. I did that years ago, which me do it told you I've done a lot of stuff boxing don't take dancing Dawn. Now you turned out the place was shut down. See when did you do dancing that's range when he went and said I want to dancing and he went along to the the place and it was shot. And that was it. I don't really do any more that's not doing is it but I said you had a fight with one lad then the
#OFFSET: 2551
Unknown:  Beat him up, but he didn't go again. Oh dear. It's pathetic. Well, anyway, yeah, so this is is basically our penultimate show. Next week's through the final and we're all looking forward to that enormously. Yeah, but that may be it forever then and this this, you know all for one all or you know one for all all for one The Three Musketeers gone forever. Yeah. I for one would be pleased. I have to get some of these take because I like coming in sort of firm. Yeah internet lyrics don't be afraid to Nick is many CDs as you see fit.
#OFFSET: 2581
Unknown:  It on that last show that people have already nicked him. No, no, but take whatever you want if that 4 Non Blondes is still there and it hunting is still there because I don't want to be next year and I got a feeling there's because I don't think there's any Smith's in the library, but there is quite a lot of geology really, what was that stifle?
#OFFSET: 2600
Unknown:  Nothing, nothing. Well who play record monkey news is on the way plus the results and radio keeps it got keep talking or playing music. It's music. Yeah, I've Gold by Neil Young on Xfm. 104.9 pop Idol, of course begins this evening. I know you're looking forward to it real of it. And I enjoyed and especially those early rains with the potatoes. Yeah. They are always extraordinary. That's the only reason I watch I mean I can't be bothered.
#OFFSET: 2629
Unknown:  The later contest it's just watching the fruits for the first couple of weeks. So nicely pleasure. Yeah, sort of like watching the judges are good as well. Judges good here. I don't like they've got their little stick. You know that that special jokes and obviously written door to whiten to get him in. Yeah, it's great but a lot of people and cries as well. Does he cry sometimes if he's moved by it? He's better than bloody bull be dazzling. Ha ha like it. Yeah Rosie ribbon made him cry it. Just Wells
#OFFSET: 2659
Unknown:  Up, and then that's good. I like that. He takes a lot of old ass doesn't he? Pete Waterman? I sort of quite like it and I find them irritating. Well, it's like it's genuinely thinks he's up there with Lennon and McCartney. That's one of the great kind of Pop swing Garland's of his time. Yeah, and you know you I don't know you wrote songs for Sunita. Well don't mean that let's not let's not knock him as foxes on their true. No, no, dr. Fox is genius because he can step in if there's any medical emergencies Rick Waller you'll be pleased now. I'm a
#OFFSET: 2689
Unknown:  As you know, I'm a huge wall of fan. Not only do you got a great singing voice but he's really is a picture. Is it me now? I know it's a bit harsh. I've said it before but I did he does he does make me a little sick to the stomach when I look at RIT water and it to be honest with you. It's his own fault, you know, he went in Celebrity fix. I've had a chance to sort things out and he's attitude was wrong and he didn't trim down and he's for want of a better phrase a bloater and slightly grotesque, but you know, he's in the paper this week.
#OFFSET: 2719
Unknown:  Saying that it was all because of his image. You didn't fit The Stereotype of what pop star should look like blah blah blah. Well disgruntled by this. He's got a great singing voice. He has got a great thing. But the point is this rate the point is this since the days of Elvis since the days of Bing Crosby is not as obvious that you're a star because you have to have the whole package the voice. Yeah the sex appeal everything we know it works kids by its pop music. That's what pop music is, you know, if you want to be a big fat bloater, you've got at least be as good as Barry White
#OFFSET: 2749
Unknown:  Isn't or Pavarotti Pavarotti. And so anyway, shut up a he set up an organization is all we've got a band, you know, so you're saying get over it the world should revolve around looks well. No, I'm saying pop music. That's what pop music is. I mean this kind of obsession with if you get a chance, so no record. No, I know but I'm getting back at be a backing singer. The point is kid wants to be a star he wants to be a star doesn't know point. He doesn't want to sing and make a couple of Records. He just wants to be a star has allowed to thought that's that's the real world. That actually is not being truthful himself.
#OFFSET: 2779
Unknown:  Laughs. Yeah, he doesn't just want to make beautiful music and sing. Well, he wants to be, you know, Perry drowned on a sedan chair and adored imagine that I know I got money to pay for the Entourage second coming it's needed but he's got a company know so that with this data management and it's called Star Search and basically he's hoping to break the fickle industry, you know expectations. And so if you're a bit of grotesque, if you're a freak of some kind if you're someone that Carl, you know would be impressed by or
#OFFSET: 2809
Unknown:  You know alarmed by then you can get in touch with Rick and you can put you in there women with beards little midget Fellers, whatever whatever it does not fit. The usual ones. We cut along my thinking the three of us next week. We were doing much to do after next week. Mmm, you know, Ricky's got it was singing voice on him. I'm learning to play Blowing in the Wind on the keyboard by Bob Dylan. Yeah. It's like a master that I don't know what you can do. You can dance You Can Dance Garden, you know that you've done it you've done dancing Terror exactly.
#OFFSET: 2839
Unknown:  Like, you know donkey over here at Christmas. Perfect. I'm gonna what we meant to be playing when you dig little donkey in the play drums to We Three Kings, but you just put on the light in you wanna just talking about looks and stuff right always because you know it sort of cheeky freak of the week. We did that and I stopped doing it sure. It was upset and a few people there was a thing on the website the other day about elephant man. All right, just keep it up to you know upon them.
#OFFSET: 2869
Unknown:  Is what's going on the the trunking use the de thing about em, and what I'd look like if he said wasn't messed up. Yeah and they made a little picture for him was quite good-looking. Oh bad looking but you can't use it. It's not like you can't you can't put on a passport. So yeah well and the fact that he's been dead for several years. No, but they also do that sort of thing for people are alive. They say this is what you look like.
#OFFSET: 2899
Unknown:  You can't use it for that. You can't use it as like that's sort of like rubbing it in there and it really bit. Yeah, unless they said good news, you ugly. Anyway, yeah, he got honest you wouldn't have pulled in the locating. If you're symmetrical you weren't her locker and use our little date in agency picture. This is what I look like. Yeah, it's wonderful. What I would have look like the phone. I'm going to eat what you mean would have look like well, I see you as we said seven o'clock. How will I recognize?
#OFFSET: 2930
Unknown:  A bean buns. Yeah, look for the giant cauliflower. Yeah in the car. I love the fact that you keep it up cooking up to date with what the Elephant Man might have looked like exactly that is amazing old news is largely. What's happening in around around 1880? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh my what might your thumbs 1880. Did you watch that thing in the week that what you staring at? Probably I didn't know I couldn't face it. It did. I know what you mean. It was about people who'd had unfortunate.
#OFFSET: 2959
Unknown:  Informative. Yeah, and it was it was really sad. I totally felt bad about you know, some of the stuff would you talked about my eye because it's just say something like but that's quite a nice things out only got about some of the things we talked about. Should we go over what we've discussed today? What what subjects are we brought up today? How can you feel sorry about things that when we're still doing it? No, I'm just saying, you know, you have a laughing that but then you see a program about it and you go what you realize they're real people you're talking about. Yeah when
#OFFSET: 2989
Unknown:  Don't forget that when do you ever forget that when you bring a knife? He's cheeky freaks the weeks or when we talk about Rick Waller the he's there's not a real person on the other end thinking about it. Yeah, but sometimes it's hard because they don't look like real people those like offer that goes on with a big ad.
#OFFSET: 3012
Unknown:  Bone Collector, we played some Dizzee Rascal earlier and that was wicked. Exactly and he's the new kind of the kind of London rap sensation. Yeah, let's not forget credit to the nation from 1994 13,000 Dave whatever happened to MC Fusion. You got a lot of bad. Press of the time people didn't respect him. But listen to that now, I think it's bloody brilliant. Yeah. All right. I'm crocheting that excitedly adverts Kings of Leon Molly's chamber.
#OFFSET: 3041
Unknown:  Max, if I'm 104.9 I'm going to devise your Stephen Merchant and that little little bald head and mank over. There is Karl Pilkington cock-a-leekie soup cock-a-leekie soup is fine. That was one from Nick. Thanks for that Nick. Yeah, he's acknowledging very to the woman who chewed on a knob in a goulash exactly. If you just tuned in you've missed that there is yeah. We did still don't know why she was eating goulash. I've got a rash that kind of my arm. Look at that. Brilliant fascinating. Thanks for it.
#OFFSET: 3071
Unknown:  That's from rubbing his head butting in a headlock. And it's have you got some on your hair because look at that. It's like a heat rash. What do you wash your hair with so you still get that bird shit behind your ear. What is that? That's really worried. And it looks like our like the body changes over many years of sort of certain things. Yeah. It's like your body changes to protect yourself from the Sun of my via. Yeah. My dad just got used to being robbed. Yeah reacting now. That's a defense mechanism. I see.
#OFFSET: 3101
Unknown:  Look at that. That's all about anyway, someone your are, you know, monkey news. I was going to say the winner. I don't think anyone cares. I'll come on it. Someone got all of them. Didn't they? Okay play it again. Then this was songs of praise. You did the well-known phrase is Galileo. Stop talking about science make me television the most
#OFFSET: 3131
Unknown:  most convoluted banal quiz on any radio station ever. I mean, I'm including moyles Chris Evans did I mean Simon Bates that's worse than anything. They ever did apparently her Channel 5 about the fight. We had Queen in there all the damages Thomas Dolby. Yeah.
#OFFSET: 3161
Unknown:  They old Aretha Franklin and Red Hot Chili Pepper extraordinarily Tracy and John Burton from Colchester Essex call of those right why they would want the prices. I've no idea that good luck to them. They can enjoy those at some point. God bless. Okay, monkey knees draw a bit. Yes, please play the jungle this rash is weird. Oh chimpanzee that monkey news. Well, it was filming a documentary right this tell me company. Yeah.
#OFFSET: 3191
Unknown:  Hey, which one which one which one the No, No. I was documentary about monkeys. Yeah, where was it was Rica right where when was this? I'm gonna die. Okay recently though, since they have an intelligence obviously have actual can use it if you want it. Okay, always, you know, the mugging is extra gone, you know the Halfords that's how friends as I don't think I know what happens Alfred State live, you know, they sell nuts and bolts and stuff right there.
#OFFSET: 3221
Unknown:  Wheezing monkeys in the ads, okay.
#OFFSET: 3226
Unknown:  Yeah.
#OFFSET: 3228
Unknown:  What happened? Push, it don't think so bikes Alfred's well, mainly bicycles and and motorbike stuff in there. Okay. So yeah, so they're using my keys in the other one. I can't handle it walkout do this. Look at look at him. I don't care what he's doing and it will basically right they've the there was a load of ASL because they were using these monkeys in this outfit subvert. Yes.
#OFFSET: 3257
Unknown:  What happened get to the point it turned out there wasn't a problem because they were mechanics in the first place. Well, they were monkey. Mechanics. Yeah. What are you talking about? Mental? What are you talking about starts? All right. Listen, let's get let's get back from dinner mechanics and like, all right, listen. All right, so they making this documentary night and stumble across a little gang of little gang get on with it. Please little gang monkeys.
#OFFSET: 3286
Unknown:  He's the first out of the laughs Tyler. I know well really. What do you want the cake? Come on, don't fight song Oh, I don't understand. What is wrong with you. You freak. It's making me laugh first. Tell us the story. All right and tight. So anyway, right? So there's this this documentary be made they found a little gang of monkeys. I don't know what's going on here. I apologize to Hide Your Love Away.
#OFFSET: 3316
Unknown:  The Beatles on Xfm 104.9 razor me Steve Merchant by Kyle. Come on. We're supposed to Jingle, please. Oh chimpanzee that monkey news. Excellent. Okay, right. Where were we we were just start again. There's some people making a documentary.
#OFFSET: 3337
Unknown:  Okay, making a documentary and and then jungle on that right stumble across a little gang. Okay, come on. All right, little gang of monkeys. Yeah, come on. So the camera crew are filming it. Yes. Everything's going normals. Also, nothing odd about it. Okay, they do they're not running a restaurant. They've not got any barbershops. Nothing. No just regular kids go about the business yet. So anyway,
#OFFSET: 3366
Unknown:  What normally happens is the monkeys stick with the partner? They don't sort of sleep around in that one second that the girlfriend of the boyfriend or whatever. Yeah this stick this stick with them, right? Okay. But anyway, they were watching this one night and it's going around a bit sleeping around oily and it was getting fatter. There's that little bit odd. Yeah, right. So followed it round and see I better way turns out a little
#OFFSET: 3396
Unknown:  Statue. Oh God. It's a little monkey prostitute. It was getting fat because it was charging him bananas woman. No woman monkey. That's the most extraordinary monkeys I've ever heard. Bye.
#OFFSET: 3425
Unknown:  Genius has this documentary been televised. I don't think it's been on yet.
#OFFSET: 3431
Unknown:  No, that's all the information. You've got. Ya and he starts that's that's one banana for everything that half. Banana is for full a poor job hunt if you want full blown monkey set. So it is 2 and 1/2 and on the - oh sure. Let's play a song that show was over back next week. We're going to make it a Barnstormer. I'm sure Lads. I want a hundred percent binder in 10% next week. All right, none of these giggling only.
#OFFSET: 3461
Unknown:  Infant child giggling like to school boys are gonna come back. We got some quality monkey news next week. We're gonna have all kinds of treats. I would okay some great prizes. All right. Okay. Yeah, let's make next week the best show ever. Good luck. If you miss it. Then you miss eight we're ending with the track from a couple years back. It was 92 93 Dinosaur Jr. Start choppin play that start playing forget start chopping start playing. Alright. Alright. See you next week.
Unknown: 
