#OFFSET: 0
Unknown: Talk then someone should talk as obviously it already already in shambles. Can you believe that Ike I'm amazed that were back on the air is already a shambles waiting.
#OFFSET: 9
Unknown:  What what it's all about I'm talking their woman speaking. The record was ending their Alma speaking. It was just okay. Well, I'm actually off already. I want your it's like nothing's changed Boys Are Back In Town on Xfm 104.9 we're back then and we Karl and Vikki device with we Stephen Merchant and Karl Pilkington. I'm not coming back. I'm definitely not coming back. Oh, okay pair someone care that I'm not coming back. We're pushing to remember the end of yeah, the end of the last time we were on was that three months ago. Yes.
#OFFSET: 39
Unknown:  Paul said he's never going to do show again. There's nothing that was going to bring about. Yeah, he didn't enjoy it wasn't gonna do it all the rows. Right? Really? Yes. I've known Ami coming back. So about two months, you know, because he's got our agent now representing them. I thought it was a film really why well, what's he done for me? What's he done for us now? I know but I mean he's raising so and these sort of calling ground and it was all a con. So Carl could get Monday's off Paul Graham the station struggling enough as it is. It's like running around like a headless chicken. No one's listening. There was this nice why don't bother
#OFFSET: 69
Unknown:  talking with a record done because it does that is there's no loss sure to London. Sure, right. It's there's this pointless this show. We don't do it for the money. We don't do it for the Q dot. I don't know why we do it. There's only on tell you this time. I got a lie in I know but it's all a ruse to get money that he's got Monday's off now because he has to be the show two hours tonight and he still getting paid and it's all a con because he knows that he's holding me over a barrel and he's it's like we got to keep Carl @p. I had I had Mondays and Tuesdays off before Duncan got involved. There was no Ino and it's like pork.
#OFFSET: 99
Unknown:  It was the MD that in charge of the thing it probably pulling his hair out worried about the station, right? You know, it's a sinking ship and then can't control like, you know, I do it but I want Monday's off. They he's probably sitting home now. His family is probably ridiculed by yeah is what is kids almost certainly would have lost all respect for him. But he's been fools by Karl Pilkington. He calls his Mac cigar. I'm busy grandmother, you know, I was kind of think it's just it's embarrassing but it's you know what I mean? And you think it's funny and you think you've got 1 over m is going on Mondays are for two hours you do you do you think and I
#OFFSET: 129
Unknown:  You know in Paris we've said on air but you only you only you only calling yourself in the long run because you know, I mean, it's I hate that sort of the world owes me a living. How much can I get? What can I get out of the world? What do you give back to the world Carl? What are you doing now? Then you're gonna prepare my base for this show. Now, you've had three months to prepare. What have you done? What have we got? What have you got for us? Okay, what's happened in the last three months?
#OFFSET: 154
Unknown:  What in this place or just my life? Well, what have you got for us? We three months week learning about you get Monday's off. You're getting paid for it. You've got a cushy deal. You have an alarm you taking the piss out of the management, right? So what have you got for us give it to us.
#OFFSET: 169
Unknown:  We've kind of updated Rock posters a bit brilliant. Yeah. All right, so and he said don't mess with it. If something's good. Don't mess with it. What do you mean? It wasn't good? It was never gonna have a good fix it. It was fun to do. It was a love I mean much I imagine it was much more fun for me than the 450 listeners. I like, you know, I mean, I enjoyed it. I enjoyed squeezing your head and dressing you up. No, but that's just it when I had a meeting with with
#OFFSET: 198
Unknown:  Graham right. I said look, I'm not being funny. I don't want to do it anymore. I've had enough of it. Yeah, and it was like, oh, what's up with you? You sounds like you have a right good laugh. I said, yeah, but that's that's you know, that's all good acting and stuff. I said, it's hell in there. I said that I still get about Vietnam had suppose what still not a word we've been away three months. It's still not a word. All right. I said he's putting a Dustbin lid on me yet. Yeah.
#OFFSET: 229
Unknown:  This is hitting me with a tray. He's chucking toilet paper at me. And he said yeah, well, that's all over two years. I said no, that was the same day. Okay, then what has changed in three months? It's up there listening. I've been listening for a six minutes now, come on, give us something but Nickelback, what's that? What's happened in three pair up with what in my life or nothing's happened and nothing's changed it, right?
#OFFSET: 258
Unknown:  But I don't know what well.
#OFFSET: 262
Unknown:  You know, you know last time we were on yeah, right and I was telling you about the woman over the road. Well, if the one that walked around naked there's a woman who walks about the flat is when Carl was watching a woman naked then she looked at saw him looking. So what he did. This is the genius he did to get out of this. He pulled his pants down. So he was naked to his girlfriend comes in and goes car. What are you doing? He went
#OFFSET: 290
Unknown:  I can't tell you now, but don't look out the window ha ha ha. Yeah, go outside woman. She's she's bought some blinds.
Unknown: 
#OFFSET: 311
Unknown:  Nickelback Someday on Xfm 104.9 the block from Nickelback. He looks about 40 he reminds me of you know, when a kids made up at a fight like a lion. I mean, it's The Wizard of Oz liar. Yeah, but you know good tune-up cannot be controversial. I think Rock rules the world again Steve. I hope so.
#OFFSET: 332
Unknown:  Meanwhile we're going to have some rock later in the show you my did lots of rock if I might even play a little bit of rainbow blimey just as you know why we've got the darkness, but I want to remind them where it all came from you wrote the Liz. Yeah, you can hear the bow. Cheers mate. Thanks for that. I'm just - yeah, so Carl keep it real here. We are then don't say before we go on. I just thought when I was reading some of the fan emails and stuff. We got and one of the things a lot of people like it actually divides. The listeners is your laughs. It's interesting some people love it. They find it in.
#OFFSET: 361
Unknown:  Factious they find it adorable. I mean close up in a small space like a kitchen. It's annoying very car was annoyed because I squeaked in his ear earlier didn't I sure? What did I laughs you all the toys? I think I squeeze his head again, denying. He said now it's not one of those like that's closing. This is closing head. Yeah, but it's closing one. The funny thing is right. We're out a few weeks ago with with a mate of mine. All right, and it went to school squeeze me add might give it a swirl was sure and I was like, don't do that.
#OFFSET: 392
Unknown:  You know don't like it, right and Ricky said to me mate. Yeah, it doesn't like having his head swells as if it's like Marmite some people love it. Yeah, and some people hate it. Sure. Yeah. Well anyway, there's but there's the there was a little taster of the laughs that was more the kind of deep throaty laughter. Yeah, but there's that kind of high-pitched squeak that you do. Well, I gotta get air out quickly. It's like I'm going to burst sometimes I laugh so much that my liver and only like they try and get out to it.
#OFFSET: 421
Unknown:  So after get out really fast like a like a siren right did I mean is that is that how you explain the fact that you're quite fatty? Yeah, that's just laughed and waved. It reminded me of the I used to play in a very early days of xfn when it was literally make recognized language love with a great guy with a member the first one it was that fella drinking a pint of beer. Yeah. I mean, they're very first time you never I tell it's you know, what and that do it now they do.
#OFFSET: 452
Unknown:  Actually, it's very similar to make Ricky. Laughs it's called My can't laugh interesting. So many of our great ideas have been have been stolen. Yeah, or stoled thus told ya and anyway, I just I was looking through the paper in the week and I wasn't sure which which I think might it might be a record erase make we can do is laugh. I don't know again. It doesn't really work for the listeners at home. But I'll try and do my best to describe it. Can we stop saying my name because it's like a Dave Gorman project. Can we just stop this time? It's getting bitten so they say a word often have it doesn't mean anything. Yeah, let's stop saying we can do.
#OFFSET: 481
Unknown:  Sighs well what we're going to refer to you as well make hearty laugh is is a new a new game. I'm trying to get one of those squeaks of alarm. I'm concerned because I know I'm not gonna I'm not a monkey. Oh, okay. I know that even if he just Briefly summarize the story there's at home. Okay, the year the headline was mum 48 a mother of 48 seduced boy of 14. Well, that's not her own boy, obviously, but no still Neighborhood Child.
#OFFSET: 512
Unknown:  Is so far. He said Grand Lana Allen 48 led him upstairs and rest to her waist then took his trousers off. Okay. Bear that in mind. This is a quote. This is a quote from him right there in my knees. A 14 year old boy is quite excited about this. He says then we had sex. It was every boys fantasy. All right, even exactly the picture of are now I so it's a picture of her this is not bear in mind. This is only Zone words Rick right in his own words. This was every boys fantasy. Here's the picture.
#OFFSET: 545
Unknown:  It's a sign of love.
#OFFSET: 548
Unknown:  Is collapse on the floor?
#OFFSET: 555
Unknown:  Oh my God. Oh God, she's but I'll tell you she looks like she might remind me of most do you see those?
#OFFSET: 584
Unknown:  How old is she? Oh, that's lovely. If you don't know what if you didn't see we're looking to see the picture. She looks just like the oldest man in the world is photos on newspapers on the web for what he was about $135. So yeah, yeah. Yeah. I got a theory that Chinese people don't age. Well this man was a hero.
#OFFSET: 609
Unknown:  A giant oven right and he was a hundred and twenty or something and you see a picture of him yesterday. No, it's not as though you're not in 20. So he said under than 20 or something, but make sure wonder what makes you wonder well because they don't age. Well, I think he's using that he's probably not.
#OFFSET: 635
Unknown:  The street and we see an elderly Chinese person. Yeah, right and gotta go on just think he is. Yeah like it's so this this notion that Chinese people don't age. Yeah. I don't know what where this has. Come on. No, I mean, I'm not having a go. No. No, I don't never want anyone to think. I'm not having a go at them, but they are really good looking and the healthy in that tell her about I've never seen one, right?
#OFFSET: 662
Unknown:  Can you please can you tell me sooner Chinese person knows about 30. It's always either 20 or 50. There's no middle ground. This is two hours of absolute drivel. But sorry brain, I've got will let me just check something. So the guy the Chinese gentleman who died recently 130 your theory. Is that your theory is that he's maybe in his late 30s early 40s. Yeah. This is an elaborate conspiracy.
#OFFSET: 692
Unknown:  Conspiracy on his part because obviously whenever they talk about the oldest people in the world it is always a Chinese person. Yeah, invariably they do. Yeah when they seem to win that and again every year go on so your theory is that in those small back their villages in China Rocksmith were comes to a little yeah well until recently the oldest person in the world, how old are you and they're so embarrassed because I think a little unfriendly they go and in 20, they do really yeah kind of his birth certificate. Now. In fact, I think this Chinese broke didn't it wasn't verified with his brothers because it didn't have his papers papers know so
#OFFSET: 722
Unknown:  It's the same one or a different fellow child's environment listening. There's a huge conspiracy amongst these Chinese Villages that 50 say is 70 because now and I believe us well, if you can confirm or deny that then then please email in Ricky. Dr. Vega Xfm. This is the greatest show on Xfm 104.9 call in if you're anything less than it's a little Monk.
#OFFSET: 757
Unknown:  Outcast, hey, yeah Onyx FM 104.9 with me we can devise you Stephen Merchant GQ presenters of the Year radio personalities of the year. It's official with the best radio personalities of the year. I've we got that award sent to us didn't we meet a little thing but it was only our two names on it has your name right there for a member that had my name and your name didn't seek are poking his name, you know and yet it is the one with the day off and the money and the got the phone calling the MD and making him cry over there.
#OFFSET: 787
Unknown:  Oh my God, I just felt like the heat so he's made a fool out of the anything at all. The major obviously all the cabinets should hold out. I'm not sure if I'm coming back or not. Okay, I want a day off then which is the same day of his girlfriend gets off. So it's just like walking around either. No Hyde Park. Yes feeding ducks when you should be working out. What can he can do instead of rock Buster's which is basically Blockbusters with a word changed Christ's sake, right if that's if that's annoyed you I'll tell you what is really when me up go on.
#OFFSET: 817
Unknown:  The last week or so this postal strike. I tell you Rick I have got no sympathy for him. I'd be a scab I'd be walking through that. I've given him the thing I go you can intimidate my family. I don't care. I don't care because the posters got to get through because I tell you what, it's not the fact that I did, you know, the Union's they could organize a strike. I'm behind that's fair enough but not one is these wild cats they're just out there just taking days off willy-nilly they're not there's another post boxes. It's going crazy. Maybe Carl could deliver a few record time and I Know I Know Carl must be living because he's probably just copies of the new South
#OFFSET: 847
Unknown:  I taste the literary review I would turned up so he's in a terrible way and I got important documents that especially coming together. There's nothing there's no let's hide nor hair of it and I was cooking last night and it got me panicked because I was thinking about what if this just is going to spread now amongst other organizations and other groups and you know what that's my answer it was partly because I was cooking would you know, I suddenly become terrified that they might go on strike gone the guys in charge of the potatoes. Oh every time in anyone involved with potatoes.
#OFFSET: 877
Unknown:  Last night I had so much sausage Metro II happens, but I had to sit on the edge of a seat. So my stomach could hang down this aisle of Spuds spuds and bread I could not do without I feel like I feel like maybe I could make my own bread, but I would know where to start with this pod. Yeah, and it's like they're amazed you can boil them. You can broil them. Yeah, I can or broiling is but it's I suspend tasty. I don't think it's as good as I mean, obviously the chips potato is for the working classes. It was always on the tip fat fire was always on in my household the ceiling the the death trap fire. What's it?
#OFFSET: 907
Unknown:  Always say to ya lo he comes Wednesday in our house and we always are chips because all I remember hearing if I think back to my childhood all I remember was gotta stop get some potatoes or phone your dad. Tell him to get some potatoes. Well, that was that was your job wasn't it? Kind of takes its slimy genuinely. It does concern me because it's dude in you have to have to fill a diary out for you all this way to know when you're at school. I don't know if you do the same thing, but you get like a little red book right and every night. I think it was a way of the
#OFFSET: 937
Unknown:  Sure, so I'm keeping an eye on your so if you went out Robin if you wrote in your diary the go what you're playing at. Sure, right so you'd have to write down what you did every night. Yeah, but I didn't go up to that much at that point. I used to just go on the errands. Yeah, and it was my job to like I haven't heard errand 473 lat I went to you phase aren't the little local supermarket and I got record you 'then euthanasia what I did you phase you've new you FaZe you ya hu g h you face-to-face time, right? Yeah.
#OFFSET: 968
Unknown:  I just got to get like a bag of potatoes. I shooted yellow staple. So I used to put that in my diary every day and it got to a point when like even the teachers like just make something up. Yeah, stop putting the same thing in its raw stock joyriding or something live. I member what when James little she was at school. I was about 10 or something like third project over the weekend. I would give it a big list like a list of a hundred animals that to tick when they saw one that week and the teaching is she cheats because she kicked Beaver, huh, so she's trying
#OFFSET: 997
Unknown:  To win against them as you know, unless it was Susie did with white beaver. I know this is going but I don't know maybe I don't know. But yeah, so I'm just I don't know feels like a feels like the potato people have got me over a barrel, you know, I mean, they could hike the prices up. I still have to buy the taters. I got nothing else. I gotta have that. You know, you got your fancy pastors for the for the upper classes, but for the working classes is chips aura or mashing it really yeah, I wouldn't worry about anything people. Do do potatoes gonna go and try to think so could just go and pick them ourselves with me.
#OFFSET: 1027
Unknown:  Growing myself sure. This is it would be the most pointless strike. What be the strike that we went so did I mean I'll tell you what, I'll take one strike that we go. So, um those guys who do sketches and Covent Garden. Yeah, they do a caricature of big nose and a big kitchen. I want them using caricature of me and my sister. Yeah. I need a kind I need a sketch. I need a pencil drawing of Leonardo DiCaprio looking like a monkey.
#OFFSET: 1057
Unknown:  I mean, how are we gonna get this is unbelievable? Yeah, I'll tell you what I tell you also the strikes that have no effect those people in a nightclub toilet. Oh just you know kind of their they got the links still drink our own quite controversial moment with the Tweedy case for the show Tweety case, you know, I mean sure I got some thoughts on that actually like what I shall well maybe we play record. I'll share my thoughts on well thought through Wednesday coming up some Steve mentioned thoughts on the show, Tweety.
#OFFSET: 1088
Unknown:  Somalia what's the frequency Kenneth?
#OFFSET: 1111
Unknown:  What's the frequency Kenneth and take this 104.9 Xfm always with me Stephen Merchant and Karl Pilkington Carl. The user Pilkington. Just take steak steak. Steak. Steak stroyed a man to you Steve.
#OFFSET: 1129
Unknown:  Like that worth it's cool and sexy. Thank you. I make it clear now. I do not condone in any way shape or form what Cheryl Tweedy did but I have to say they wind me up by they you mean toilet attendance. Yes. It is right not pop Idol winners. That's what I thought even. Yeah so go on but that's because I tell you what it is you go into a club or pubs or big phony perhaps you go in there and there's the toilet attendant in there. He's got his little display of
#OFFSET: 1159
Unknown:  Aftershave sprays some sweets, maybe extract whatever it might be maybe lollipop and all right. I don't know if they're I assume they're not employed by the club. I'm assuming the club's got if they got we got the DJ. We got the past halfway mate. We need a guy in the manager walks into they hide. What did you say? I don't know if it's a guy who's just like is it like basking? Yeah, nothing like yeah, he came in when it was free during happy hour. He's got little bag carrier bag. It's nothing in the toilet. But the thing is it's the fact that toilet.
#OFFSET: 1189
Unknown:  It's far enough. I mean I'm happy overturned attendance sneaks in under cover of Darkness cleans it for me and then shoots up but it's when I have to see them there I feel guilty because I'm not I've got a it's like I maybe wash my hands off forget. He's there. You'll hand me a paper towel. Suddenly. I got a tip him. I think we will something because there's that. I wash my hands at all. I don't usually wash my hands sometimes even mother get him a know about standing change, but trousers my God, you have to go through this charade of getting it out flushing out of it shaking it dry. And then washing my hands. Is he then
#OFFSET: 1219
Unknown:  Of those elements. What should I do for ya? Pop it out, but not to hand me a paper towel and get it myself. I know it's just guilt and that sometimes I'll hold it in because I'm divorced. I want to go back in there. It's a pound of this is Epona piece, you know, I mean so I you know, I got hotel or something. Yeah, it's absurd and I tell you what worse than that. I know that he's doing it because he's got a feed his kids but it's the fact that I've got to look him in the eye, you know, it's like he's humanized, you know, if he was only dehumanized right? Yeah if you want if I
#OFFSET: 1249
Unknown:  So, you know, I didn't think he was a human being I wouldn't feel guilty. If you could sort of hide under the under the the your I know perhaps or and it hides nothing from the atoms. I justi just put out, you know Papa hand that doesn't say anything. He like, you know, it's get Hangar and then I go I'd put a pound it out take the thing put a pound in nickel lollipop and right away. No, I grow exactly it's the fuck. I got to see them and I feel guilty because you know, I'm on the radio. I've got a cushy life. I know there's a guys you're trying to make ends meet. It makes me feel bad it was
#OFFSET: 1279
Unknown:  Has me evening. Yeah, I'm just pleading for them. Can they not do anymore? Can you maybe get a gonna get a job illegal mini cabin or something, please?
#OFFSET: 1295
Unknown:  Born Again star sailor on Xfm 104.9 we're back. So first November Ricky Gervais Stephen Merchant Karl Pilkington. It's the same old email address if people get in touch with you, dr. Vaes @ XF m dot U, k-- without a couple of emails Rick someone actually Ian. He's emailed any said that President Lincoln close Postman is his wife's birthday today. She's had no cards more presents because pushing because you've got a friend but also,
#OFFSET: 1318
Unknown:  Because of the postal strike that you won't be able to use that excuse for Suzanne's birthday again, because she knows that the post right went beyond around that time. All right Carl. So anyway, so would you just say happy birthday to collecting condoms run out? Yeah that you got for Christmas.
#OFFSET: 1332
Unknown:  Carl still got them. Yeah, just say happy birthday to Tracy. I'm having bill matrix C and that is why the news trying to let us know. He's actually just in Northern Ireland are so we're we've gone International sure. Now, there's also a question here a questionnaire has been sent in by Ruth Chamberlain at cordwainer is college cord wieners College seems weird chord wait used a yeah. It's either used to be a poly or a laundry van is. Yeah. Anyway, it's a it's something that she's doing.
#OFFSET: 1362
Unknown:  For she studying product designed for the fashion industry. Anyway, she's got some questionnaire and we're obviously we're too busy and important to fill out the questionnaire, but we thought maybe you can answer a car. It's about is yawning. He's looking around. He's only got to do two hours and he gets a whole day off and he's getting paid for it do something Carl be grateful. You've probably you've probably ruined a man's career. He's ridiculed now for doing this that you so weak where he should have slaps closure aired and kicked you out of the building.
#OFFSET: 1389
Unknown:  So let's have a little bit of effort. You've only got an hour and a quarter do then you get two days off. All right, right Carl. It's a questionnaire about happiness. Oh, yeah, there's one person that should answer it right where there's question Carl on a happy scale of 1 to 10. Where are you on the happy scale as this moment or in general? Well, I would say generally, okay.
#OFFSET: 1413
Unknown:  Yeah, but you don't always have to like I mean, I I think I'm happy in that but I don't always show it you never show it. No, but it doesn't mean I'm not I'm not happy in that like I'm alright the moment I'd say I'm probably on a problem that an eight. I was up. It's probably about a 9 when I woke up. All right, and then sort of fell out with Suzanne over a couple. Yeah. She went for a cut and came back with something that I don't like so you say you do so when your girlfriend walk the dogs dead ahead.
#OFFSET: 1442
Unknown:  And you said I don't like it. What do you say can tell by the look on my face?
#OFFSET: 1449
Unknown:  But you say no I'm not happy with it. I use just can't tell I'm loving it because then she won't have it done again because I just kind of got over you. I really can't become young teen it so so that it was fed up but I thought what authority of you got to talk about haircut. Yeah, you had that you had the wow, officially from a barber in Manchester above a railway station in a shack. It was two pounds of cut told you have the hair of a Chinaman. Well you wish you had the air of a Chinaman now you got know where your little bald man with your mouth open.
#OFFSET: 1478
Unknown:  Consider don't think she listening to this Suzanne sent home with a woolly on what she knows now, don't you? What did he say? What would you do about it that you look like someone else laid interestingly. That's what I look for in a girl from. Oh God, which one's late that one would've known. Yeah de Ville. Yeah, the one with the Crooked Fringe in the goofy teeth as a teeth done as well as he had teeth putting dumper. So anyway,
#OFFSET: 1508
Unknown:  so so prior to that you want to know then you saw the haircut you're on an 8. Yeah. I'm probably on about a six at the moment. Why what's happened? Well whilst our sailor was on bit more red squeezing going on.
#OFFSET: 1522
Unknown:  So yeah about five or so. Generally speaking. What would you say you're worried about your what would you give someone who wasn't very happy to give them what you think of depends why they're not happy.
#OFFSET: 1540
Unknown:  We're not there lo ok. So what would you give them? I mean if you yeah depends on it if it's someone who just lost their arms and legs in an accident. You don't give him a lollipop sure or some mittens you give me my hat. Yeah after I say a smile that skateboard. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know. So hang on that. Let's assume that you've upset your girlfriend. Could you slide off her haircut? What do people do?
#OFFSET: 1570
Unknown:  How you going to cheer her up? Not by a baseball cap?
#OFFSET: 1577
Unknown:  I don't know. Yeah, I'm thought about it because I've got this to sort out. So when I get home get some jealous on it. Oh Christ. Okay, and all right just name something that always puts a smile on your face kind of always cheers you up. If you're feeling a bit blue it always shows you a monkey in it learning something right? That's a bit weird. I love the qualifier. I think I think it was two different seven sentences. I think it was learning something.
#OFFSET: 1607
Unknown:  That's a bit weird. Yeah learning. Sorry. That's a bit weird. Okay, and finally if you can have something to make you happy, what would it be that will Champion a little Chimp in a suit, but don't answer for it. Don't put words in my mouth.
#OFFSET: 1622
Unknown:  You can have anything you want. It'll cheer you up make you happy. What would it be? You can't say a skin of titanium. It's got to be something possible. Yeah.
#OFFSET: 1631
Unknown:  X-ray vision now, what would you have it can be it can be conceptual. We could be World Peace. It doesn't have to be you know, a new watch someone else Wishful are sure be a waste. Yeah to do do it. And then I let someone else gets a nice new watch and there's World face you're walking around. It's nice and peaceful. You know what time it is. He's swatting Mound. He's got a lovely new watch and there's no threat of it being bombed. I'm quite up to the way. I'm really I don't I don't really want that you want to for yeah. Yeah.
#OFFSET: 1663
Unknown:  I surely want to get to 10 surely. The point of life is to be on 10. Yeah, but what's what's attend?
#OFFSET: 1670
Unknown:  Don't mean know what's attend contentment absolute contentment. Joy in your heart inwardly and outwardly not walking around with a little round man cave with your mouth open going. What's the point of that done it once mmm, is that why you've still got all the condoms? We are done it once and what's the point of that? We're gonna get everything is magical. Come on test one thing that would make you happy that would cheer you.
#OFFSET: 1699
Unknown:  If you're feeling low Tuesday's off as well. I love the MD just you know, resign straight away. Shall I?
#OFFSET: 1707
Unknown:  I honestly don't know what would make me happy just like art because art because I am happy. I know you know, you say I'm fed up and that you know, he wouldn't want to be too rich is examples to its than 2,000 say let's go around the world. He said he wants to be rich enough. So there are a being that they got their bathroom, but they can't they still can't afford any more holidays a year think of that think of that wish think of that capping your wishes to do in putting a ceiling on your ambition. I love it. It's genius look at his
#OFFSET: 1737
Unknown:  Play a record even it's like if you'd won that ticket ran Charlie's Chocolate Factory and eat said actually Carl I want you to take over the factory was attached you'd have said I just want to learn to talk a factory. Yeah, I'm happy to go back. No, he just said I'm not looking Monday record but to give me a chocolate factory your kid an idiot. Give me the fat one at least enjoy it more.
Unknown: 
#OFFSET: 1773
Unknown:  Billy Bragg from his essential Billy Bragg compilation there. I know a lot of people are thinking Billy Bragg or can't be bothered politics and I have to say by this CD. Skip past every song that is for instance. There is power in a union don't be duped by fascism. It's
#OFFSET: 1796
Unknown:  It's your right and duty to vote. Yea right wing wrong way. Exactly. You're all that because this is just listen to the love songs. Love songs are beautiful. It's fantastic fantastic doing tonight. I celebrate my love for you with the point of view and a new tattoo. He's bright bright yellow lose the ones about yeah exactly striking. Yeah exactly. You know what we think of that so yeah, I highly recommend that and car well happiness Carl. I'll try to expand Carver the aim to you know, it's really to get on a 10
#OFFSET: 1826
Unknown:  Oh, yeah that night but I love the fact he's happy with for. Yeah, I love that. No, but what what I mean is right? I'm not looking for like a penis. No, I'm a life as a penis. What was that for what I mean is right. I'm happy when I'm not fed up. So what I mean is I'm up here. This the is this your new book psychology of the Mind. What is that? I'm happy when I'm not fed up. That's like an eight-year-old try and explain a penis.
#OFFSET: 1856
Unknown:  Johnny what is it? When an author who I'm up for that misc. Well done. Good boy. That's it. You're happy when you're not fed up talk like an adult Dibble. That's what I'm saying to you though. I do not I'm happy most of the time it's just that when things niggle me I find that I realize when I'm annoyed more than when I'm happy, but Carl you every time we talk to you your whingeing about something you got something that annoys me when there's people that if he wins is now and he gets away with it. Like he's in it. I think those are really busy right I come in and he's doing nothing. He's chatting because
#OFFSET: 1886
Unknown:  He's having big long chats very much about how someone's wound him up and they all come in the go all cars fed up because he's got this show. I don't mean these wormed his way got a minute. You came in you came in moaning about the post and that today. Yeah, but everyone's annoying frustrated by that their small businesses going out of business because he's sending you letters no one you've got no friends. You said that yourself? Yeah, you've openly declared you don't want friends but too much hassle. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
#OFFSET: 1913
Unknown:  That is that is my job friends is that that is the point of life to me? It's I can't wait to see them. I squeeze their head. I welcome them in the only Annoying. I love it friends are enjoying it even scared of like doing some friend or getting a gift because after buying one back now, yeah, it's sort of like Life's a bit of a chore for Carl and it well. Anyway, alright, let's leave that aside. Obviously. You never going to be entirely happy. Although apparently you are already on the brink of Happiness all you want.
#OFFSET: 1942
Unknown:  Is your hair look nice? That's all I got to say and it's good. Yeah, and that's it end of story. What's the point in that?
#OFFSET: 1948
Unknown:  What is the point if she doesn't really she doesn't really care what you think but she doesn't want to hear that. She looks like Dave Hill from slaves not having a haircut just to please you Carl. Despite what you might think he's taken aback by that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
#OFFSET: 1967
Unknown:  So you happiness then? Yeah, I was happy the other week right when I was growing up to Manchester on the train. Nice quiet courage. I'm sat there reading about sharks and that right nice nice and quiet and I got annoyed. I text you dinner. Yeah, when two fellows got on and we talked about.
#OFFSET: 1987
Unknown:  Well, yeah, I mean you've started it two gay men got on go on to go. If I was gone. It wasn't the fact that we go that bothered me, you know, like, you know, each to their own let me get you know, I mean, I'm do what they do. Yeah and behind closed doors, but they started talking really loud. All right, and they were going on about that's annoying. Anyway, that's annoying the whether you're straight or gay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm talking to you my theory I have about the go out like gay people always go out late. Yeah. Yeah right when we're I mean
#OFFSET: 2016
Unknown:  What time do you go out in the evening 70 rounds at 7:30 to know if I'm at work. I might go out about eight o'clock or something. Yeah guarantee are sort of being bad by that after 12 sure at that time. They're still sort of owning the jeans, right? And the funny thing was I did that. Yeah. I've always said this right don't you sort of said that's rubbish. I'm starting to train reading about sharks these two are talking and they go no, we can't wait to get there and these phone goes and he goes hello and
#OFFSET: 2046
Unknown:  On the undergoes. Anyway, I'll see you at 1:00 then. Right right, so I thought well, maybe that's tomorrow. You'll be one in the afternoon. That's when most people would meet. Yes, and then you click on talking carried on talking and he goes yet. So anyway, like I say see you tonight one o'clock is meeting someone. Yeah. I don't I don't know. I live at that late. Do you ever win is favorite record all-time is the killing of Georgie sure said would have been killed if he been back at a decent time. It's the time.
#OFFSET: 2077
Unknown:  This song and then the funny the funny bit was actually I do make me laugh right when he'd finished talking on the phone. He said to his partner, right? Oh, there you go. Let's have a little chat on the fellow said it was that and he said, oh, it's Dave. It's a which one's Dave said, you know, the one with the shaved Ed. I thought in the gay community. Yeah, that isn't a good description. No. Yeah. I know Dad.
#OFFSET: 2107
Unknown:  Before we move on was the Sharks article interesting. Do you learn these pretty good? Was it go outside you something about that later? Oh, okay. It was it is educating. Ricky wasn't but I cannot continue to teach you a bit. Yeah, let's go buy some ads on that place them out another tune. And then if we got maybe competition, yeah, probably got we're looking forward to that fortune faded Red Hot Chili Peppers and Xfm 104.9. I'm Ricky Gervais is really Stephen Merchant.
#OFFSET: 2137
Unknown:  I'm Karl Pilkington back for two hours a day, then a Monday off conning the management baby and sending this station spiraling down into the depths of his greed and selfishness. Okay, we're talking earlier about things that happen when we're away quite a lot quite a lot. But there's one thing I had in might be a rumor. I hope it's a rumor I kept it from me Steve because I do I want you to sort of spirits out because we've been at it in the office and we got to be okay. I'm just gonna say it.
#OFFSET: 2167
Unknown:  um
#OFFSET: 2169
Unknown:  I think shits have to spell sorry. I didn't shed seven of split up.
#OFFSET: 2179
Unknown:  So I think I got something in my eye.
#OFFSET: 2183
Unknown:  Just a bit Dusty then I think so. Okay. If it's true, it's true. It's not we got that at least we got their music their music for this is the music lives on so we're going to dedicate this shout that's happened and all the bands they influence moment. So we're just going to play just every every every artist that that formed a band after they'd heard shed 7 just play there from now on and on seeing the hits all the hit. So we said 7:00 on a website. It said Is it true said seven?
#OFFSET: 2213
Unknown:  And the next we're going to start a dorky message boards. Someone can say that you are joking. I pray that is just a rumor. It comes from here calling. If it's true. They're calling calling yourself another shade if sheds listening. Yeah, and he's not busy. He's got Monday's off now call in say what was this little about tell you I read about Charles why monkeys? Ohh.
#OFFSET: 2242
Unknown:  Or jellyfish. This is ten past and it may I'm gonna little bit of news we have lived no music. No, but I'm three months. He's been three months coming. This is this is this thing. I don't know the full story don't know what happened, right? But little little Russian Russian fella. Yeah. It was sort of having it sort of emptying his bladder, right? Yeah somehow electrocuted himself, right? And so I did a bit of damage.
#OFFSET: 2274
Unknown:  I don't know not to himself or to an electric fire or something now to himself to himself. Yeah, and so the doctors slip and curling tongs when it was asked when it's probably because that's happened a lot. Yeah, we hospitals with who's we've evolved. We've also have the of curling tongs out of the hospital and the piss. All right, so I can't be bothered.
#OFFSET: 2302
Unknown:  Why so the doctor says off not looking good while after that off what I was like no back to me really? But the funny thing is right. Nothing funny about that. They've done.
#OFFSET: 2314
Unknown:  You didn't we added it just tells the story to me heading are you can chill out on Monday not 15 minutes, but I'm gonna torture every Saturday. I'm going to get their money's worth out of this because you get Monday's off and I can't I can't bear the fact someone getting away with something like that because it's terrible. So you're going to stick this out or you don't have to work Mondays. So take it on the chin, right? Okay, just finish the story. Yeah come and you just do it anyway, so they've he said he said, you know you will you be out assault me a little about the prospect out. Yeah, but
#OFFSET: 2345
Unknown:  They put him out the operation. Yeah it woke up. Yep, and it's thinking I'll thank God that's over and done with yeah, we've only grown up on his arm. What you talking about use twat shut the dirt. You're an idiot what you mean? They've grown on his arm apparently like that's that's the way they do it. Oh, yeah, but this is Twitter then put it on that that wasn't a mistake. It wasn't dr. Going to go there. So I'm loading. I didn't do a degree a real doctor. Yeah. Yeah why I put it there because it's got a great because it
#OFFSET: 2375
Unknown:  Grows got a graph there's well, I can control it to skin the skin tissue on your arm. Well, but they're going to remove it from the arm. It's between on the back path somewhere. Well, we can't wear a T-shirt If you could you do it in a spill it this way you can still have a little tug Connie but they'll leave it there for quite a bit. It's not you know, I mean, it's not going to be like, oh, it's just there for a few days. Yeah. It's there for a bit that's not good is so he's got a cock on his arm. Yeah, what's up with that?
#OFFSET: 2403
Unknown:  You mean what's up with her?
#OFFSET: 2406
Unknown:  Boom, I mean if these brackets accent isn't a thumb or someone, could me? Yeah, but they don't they remove it be good. If you are if you have an opposite of a thumb when you went hitchhiking just tickle it and I can see it like a mile down the road. Can they posting? Yeah, if I lost my knob I'd go are not gonna have all that stuff. Just whack a pair of tits on me. Let me I think this forget it, but why not just put it where it should be straight away instead of messing about where should it be straight away.
#OFFSET: 2436
Unknown:  You know for it, but so we doing a competition. Let's play a tune.
#OFFSET: 2455
Unknown:  Since You've Been Gone by rainbow and Xfm 104.9. Well, that's what the London has been waiting for. It's rock Busters and it car. All right, it's not it's not rock Buster's it's it's something we've done. It's a bit like rock Buster's but it's been tweaked Bryant. So remember that it's done with sound effects and all know really. What do you mean? All right. Come on, right remember this one. We tried it before other women.
#OFFSET: 2485
Unknown:  This is one you've done in the past. This is not the competition. This is not a competition. But I said like what what song is this Smack My Bitch Up? Yeah. All right Brilliance pop a bit choppy. Yeah. All right, so it's kind of that. But but rather than just doing songs. It's that film or song sounds good. You know, when you do these things you can't do them in the week. You've got to do either Saturdays or Monday's. Do you want to check on that? But it doesn't
#OFFSET: 2522
Unknown:  going down the tube and you're taking the piss left right and Center them, right? So so is is this week's that'll grab that Fillmore song sounds good. So what is it? Come here?
#OFFSET: 2538
Unknown:  Well IP know about that, but what was still more song title is it? No, it's a film or a song. What's that? It's a film.
#OFFSET: 2554
Unknown:  What are you talkin about that must take you three minutes? I did not a Tuesday though, because that's cut into precious time. Obviously no longer trial takes him about 30 minutes and he's all right, but let's just concentrate for a second. Hey, all right. It's the film is a film title the title of a film. Yeah Play It Again Come here. Well, I've been over that.
#OFFSET: 2582
Unknown:  All right. Oh very me dearie make three months. They've waited for three months for that shite you are so what the prices are. Oh I can do I'd say there's good news. And there's bad. I'd don't know if I think maybe this is what people think of Carl's quizzes. This is the respect they show us because you know that / various companies, they'll send you product which you can include in competitions is emotional tool. They sent us, I'm Alan Partridge Series 2 and 48 hours to complete.
#OFFSET: 2612
Unknown:  Brilliant on VHS. I mean who's got a video player anymore? Carl is for losers. And the working class is that North is still setting up north? I think fighting line in Market stores. It's been redeemed. It's I mean, I I would rather are we got all of that? Yeah. Yeah the office series do on DVD that was it was a nightmare get older that won the best album in the world ever. It's got stuff on their super furry animals is on their supergrass goldfrapp and also,
#OFFSET: 2642
Unknown:  The best of the Boomtown Rats which is not bad and couple of teachers DVDs so some good stuff there amongst the VHS has and you can win all those treats by identifying this film God come here. Well IP know about that.
#OFFSET: 2665
Unknown:  Email and let me know when I actually speak to you Ricky. Dr. Vayzosa XF m dot k dot U k-- I'm sorry fast brought you down. This Mansfield. Just a summer. What's the phone number Carl O8 700-800 one, two, three four. Oh eight 700 800 on two, one, two, three four call up for no reason because I want Kyle to answer the phone. He hates doing it. So call up and talk to Kyle ask him anything you want. Just talk to him. Okay right answer by another go mad.
#OFFSET: 2706
Unknown:  Big Sur unaccept home. 104.9 is so annoyed. You have to answer all those goals. Why do you like it? That's just we wasting time aren't we the shit? No, that's nice and everything that people call up. Yeah, but we should be concentrating on what we do.
#OFFSET: 2723
Unknown:  Yeah, well I'm doing but I do this show to annoy you I don't do it for the money or the qdos or the awards. So I mean I do it so you have to be here and do what I say for two hours because you're getting away with murder here in the week. I don't like seeing I don't like Injustice in the world. I try and fight it wherever I can so I do it do not give you it but yeah, yeah. Yeah. It's interesting though that you is Pat you're passionate about fighting Injustice, but you focused specifically on Carl Xfm. One of the world's lesser crime.
#OFFSET: 2753
Unknown:  Times been banked what exactly is it is a crime. Look at these guys it download will let you know when those chimps that have like lost their mate in London Zoo. Is it sit there? Like, you know broken animal car what you thinking? Where are you on the happiness gown out of one to ten Carl? I'm about 3/4 sleeve. Well, we were talking earlier about stuff that happens. Our we've been away said we don't talk. I haven't been this upset since
#OFFSET: 2783
Unknown:  A yeah, it's can see better. Yeah. I know Cheryl Tweedy it's done that but I'm Rob Reider. Well, of course the war is that Ola done and dusted I think it's pretty much over think we've we've sorted that out. Okay good what annoys me we're gonna either go in and Tony Blair and Bush white for like Bob, you know bombing stuff and all that. But my point is this right those bombs have all been bought and paid for yeah. Yeah the taxpayer of their out. Yeah yours now. I'm not a scientist, but I think bombs go off I think so and if you don't use them you lose them.
#OFFSET: 2813
Unknown:  So let's use them. I mean it's like tinned food it lasts for a while, but eventually let's use the old one. So we want to see if they work as well. What am I doing here? We never tried that one use the you know, we would you bomb if you could
#OFFSET: 2839
Unknown:  I wouldn't match mean or what majan you could bomb a country. You're not actually going to bomb them. But you're just gonna frighten. I'm just going to put The Frighteners on frighten them with yeah, you just think I'm gonna buy me with a knife and I'll go running behind and under tin showers. And that Rick is out. No, come on. Just look. I know what sometimes I wouldn't add honestly. No one sort of makes me fed up or anything. No one makes you fed up. I'm not not enough that I want Obama place. You're not actually the bottom. I was getting phone calls. Do you say let someone else do it?
#OFFSET: 2870
Unknown:  Oh God LS there. No idea why tread gone the Swiss although that it easy. I've always had it easy all taking it. Is that equipment having Mondays are things like, oh, we don't want to fight you don't you can both walk through it. You know, I mean, yeah, we're a carpet exactly what we're busy sorting out fascism. Yeah, you know, or as Olive in love, there are just killing their old in ours and Hitler's coat exactly. Do you know a little weed? Yeah both turned on them. Yeah. I'll tell you who else this will just frightened about to shake off.
#OFFSET: 2897
Unknown:  It Iceland they do that is they have stayed out of everything. They have not been involved in anything as far as I can tell but you don't have to bomb them. Just give those they don't have any more than you do but don't bomb just pour hot water on there. Just send a plane over with the water. Yeah a big flowers. Yeah, but just to shake things up a bit. Why would you live there? If you could choose I know this come on, you're born where a little baby you grow up and you go what? I'm sorry. I'm eating ice and Fishman rest of my life. Well, you're having a laugh.
#OFFSET: 2927
Unknown:  Fair enough like using years ago, but now presumably they therefore they're aware of the population that the fact you can live in say Somerset or the south of France. I know but it's like other they learn it's not like what that they haven't even got they're not even on a good as thing as the North American Indians now, they're sort of peer start they got Sterling bags. They live in lovely little cages up. They all brought to their little village. They're having a whale of a Time the time to go hunting anymore not getting Buffalo and the same with the eskimos. Let's get some beer and fags down.
#OFFSET: 2957
Unknown:  They're not the glues down building some lovely little semies or like just a little kind of trailer or Caravan are so you better be preferable. I've got TVs, but I know what showers. Yeah that cable and stuff. Are they? Yeah. What was that one sort of Icelandic satellite Magnus magnusson. Yeah exactly doing this loads of Mastermind reruns. Yeah and Pingu,
#OFFSET: 2987
Unknown:  This is racist - what I 4.9. Yeah. So who would you like to see bombed or not? They're not bombed with just put The Frighteners on yeah female reproductive age Pixar film anybody any Nation or anything Carl thoughts class on yeah, you're not working for your money your not having Monday off. We've got to do something Monday. Let's plant some up Monday just to get him in here. You've got two hours for eight hours off. You don't do an eight hour day. Anyway, what is he getting paid? It's get it was getting money for this is like his wages went up.
#OFFSET: 3017
Unknown:  Last time she was getting paid to be a extracurricular extra work. Right? And so it's Moonlighting and they give him a day off. Yeah, and it's contributing. Nothing. Nothing. What can we say about mate going on? What going on when yourself?
#OFFSET: 3033
Unknown:  Whoops, I summon back and earn your money play a song. We've done a bit done a bit of stuff. There you go.
Unknown: 
#OFFSET: 3054
Unknown:  MP 50 Cent on Xfm 104.9 maybe device you Stephen Merchant and you Karl Pilkington. All right, what we do in are we going can I feed in what are you on a scale of 10 now happiness scale just building back up again a bit. Yeah. What about 500? That's all what changed it will change it. Calm down a bit. Yeah.
#OFFSET: 3079
Unknown:  The show that volumes of Pi and P. Probably helps you. Yeah, I think we should just say give massive props to Adam and Joe who stood in for yesterday of us the great job. Yeah, great really good at interesting though. This is the first to get their own show. I think they should know probably get something. Well, there you go. Well, um, it's interesting to listen to the neck. They had quite a nice selection of features. They had a couple good competitions and things now, I don't know if having done them for Xfm. Is it somehow they may be kind of under some kind of Xfm copyright?
#OFFSET: 3108
Unknown:  Which would mean as we've got no ideas. Maybe we could just hide just over there. There's maybe you could look at it that obvious not Monday not here, but I was with Joe Cornish last night when I go do Jonathan's house and Jay was there and walked in and I was taken aback by how tall he is from because I've forgotten and he's about six for but is unlikely to do I mean by that it's not like some people surprise you and it was going, you know, it's I don't consider 640 XL is pretty bad I said, but I do you mean I walk around with Steve Merchant.
#OFFSET: 3138
Unknown:  Urgent, yeah, and he went out all Steve and I six six six foot seven and Joe went all that's that's that's nearly disability. Isn't it? Did you know he's absolutely right, you know, I genuinely since school I used to go to school with a little disabled fellow lovely guy. No, I swear to God lovely guy and Diamond reclaiming what when we got the sixth floor and he basically got I don't know what the internet's of it were but as far as I could tell he's got a car for free especially converted car. Yeah, you know because he's disabled and
#OFFSET: 3168
Unknown:  You shouldn't call same as call me Mimi. I need this. I need that but it seemed to me that I was thinking why can I not get something similar because there are some cars I can fit in because I'm Too Tall. I genuinely cannot drive the smaller cars the cheaper cars. I've got obliged to buy a more expensive larger car because I can't fit in the tiny that's like saying you've got to pay more for your shoes cause there's more leather which is true, which is absolutely true and actually but that people have to pay more it's a nightmare getting chairs comfy chairs. I can see into the home and I sit in a chair for very long. My back's killing me. Now. How is that not a disability?
#OFFSET: 3198
Unknown:  But no, I don't see I didn't see people like me whinging but I think tall people I read an article that taller people and average get higher wages threw something through, you know an advantage at all just because they're taken more seriously than little dumpy fellas, you know, I mean, I don't think so. Genuinely don't think there are many benefits of being really tall people seem to assume there are but beyond the fact that I can reach things down from a high shelf. I know I don't think there's any real perks. I've seen you hit your head a few times.
#OFFSET: 3229
Unknown:  I know I've seen it a few times and I think oh God that must have hurt. Obviously. I'll make sure okay and then laughs course, but I know that must be annoying finally the there's a pump. There's one pump in SoHo that it's going down backwards yesterday. They looks like a limbo dancing. I've almost gotten lower me on route of using an airplane. I can get some of the seats I can fit in some of the seats not going anywhere not the way that I could.
#OFFSET: 3258
Unknown:  So you don't understand states that people can't afford because they're poor it's not a disability. Don't go on a plane then because you're poor but you can't afford to go on a picnic at 41 opinion should have studied hard at school. But what I know is yeah, but I mean what annoys me about that is if there's this is a physical disability born with there's a there's a weight allowance. So I might not be allowed loads of bags on but there might be a big fat pig in the queue is about the same chocolate laughter. You need to like a bloater. I couldn't stop myself from growing this tool. It wasn't a conscious decision. I didn't think I'll tell you why I won't I won't smoke.
#OFFSET: 3288
Unknown:  When I'm a teenager, maybe I'll see you up only healthy. I'll probably add an extra two feet. It just kept going you do eat to our Theory to met too many great. That's not why I grew to this High, isn't it? Yeah, but if you live near I know some sort of pile on or something and just as I say smoke from an early age, you wouldn't have been that dog. Don't think when I was at gangly teenager in the picture taken at me. I wasn't thinking I wish I'd been born near a pylon. Could you know or Chernobyl? Could you mad dad site could have good they have dined in here like they did with metal.
#OFFSET: 3318
Unknown:  The do that with someone's feet. Well, yeah concrete because he was tall that I see they have to band around the feet around the top of the head. Yeah. We're looking at it like a mummy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah a bonsai Boy by people didn't really realize I was going to be this tall until I was 14 or 15, you know, you don't realize when you're an eight-year-old as everyone's daughter we when you about like a gang be okay. So typical gangly teenager 15 out all you a 15-6 for five minutes.
#OFFSET: 3348
Unknown:  And I bet you're like a beanpole won't yeah, of course. Yeah, what's up glasses? Did you have cool now? What did you have? I don't know monocle. No, I can't I thought I thought I was trying to preempt the styles that might be coming around. I mean, I think I've been watching a lot of George Formby films and I thought it could only be a lot it can only be a matter of time before the Bowtie comes. I thought you might be quite kind of Urbane and debonair. Yeah. So all that was Robin day at the height of the spank, you might run this time. Yeah. I want to go for that Dandy look up.
#OFFSET: 3382
Unknown:  Just to see you with a pipe and Trilby. I just think you'd look great. Look at me. Don't ya ya. I genuinely I really does frustrate me that I don't get any allowance. It doesn't Council as a discipline. It does Kane know. It doesn't it's not a disability being six foot seven, but how can you explain for instance, you know traveling on a bus or coach. There's something ages people. Look I've seen people stare at you, but they stare at me because I've been on the telly
#OFFSET: 3408
Unknown:  What's that a disability that people being recognized but you could avoid that by not being on the Telly. It's your choice. This is my point. It's your choice. Yeah, it's the same as a big fat people. It's their choice. It's a different sort of stare and I've been there. Yeah, when you know the sort of stuff that you gonna sort of these sort of started. Well, obviously, I'm sorry Steve. I'm going to you know, follow this inquire. What do you mean come know? So I'm just saying it's more of a stare of fear than like, we you the go it's him. Yeah Gomez with you. It's more like cheese.
#OFFSET: 3440
Unknown:  Do you know what frustrates me I thought he did deserve having a Monday off change my tune. Yeah, sometimes I mean you don't realize this listeners, but sometimes I'm an intermediary I do step in when he's winding about Chris Paul gets to the point where he's going to explode. Yeah, it's crazy. Okay job, but the high Steppin and this is the kind of response. I get from Carlos. The kind of back child is in little uses. I'll tell you what because he's too scared of winding you up because he knows that you're just walk out of here and he won't get his Monday off absolutely play a record. You little boy.
#OFFSET: 3468
Unknown:  Weasel you're a weasel.
#OFFSET: 3475
Unknown:  Into a karaoke. So Jackson different for girls and Xfm 104.9 we devised Steve Merchant Karl Pilkington. He's annoying me now because he's got a day off and he's got two hours and these miseries not even doing anything the show it really annoys me. Well, hang on. Wait a minute. Yeah you forgotten His Brilliant film quiz. Yeah, he's contributed that that he probably did during the week.
#OFFSET: 3504
Unknown:  Well, then, why did you change your attitude Carlo? What else we just like not whether they show told her what don't annoy me and you'll get the best out of me. Yeah. Okay. I told you I told you this show is to annoy you you knew that but this is what you're gonna get. You don't mean but that you've got a you've got to be good and get the day off or is no point for any of us, right? If you have an operation, would you annoy the doctor what you can't concentrate can I know why the dog all of sudden? Yeah. He's got a press of button.
#OFFSET: 3534
Unknown:  And find out what a monkey did in 1932 and it's our where's the monkey news? It's been a bit quiet on it. I've been watching the last three months. Okay. There was something that I found last week about one that was in an old people's own escapes from some Zoo it was wondering about is enjoying itself. And then when it got to the night time, it was like I'm going to do I'm the first place it came across is like this whole
#OFFSET: 3564
Unknown:  Zone when in there it was there for about a week and a half but not anyone realizing no, no. No, I did not know what so so that the helpers and the nurses and the social workers and the matrons know that they thought well Mr. Sanders looks a bit hairy. I mean that happens, you know you comes out here and you know is when you get to about 70 and he stooped over yeah, of course, he has he got bowlegs. Yeah, and he eats more fruit course he does. That's when the that's when they realized.
#OFFSET: 3594
Unknown:  Why because the someone in the kitchen said I'm going to minute getting through more bananas and we know.
#OFFSET: 3602
Unknown:  Hey do the competition do the one thing you've done this week? Probably in their time again, you're getting paid for it you have in mind those are into it. So I wasted time I film sounds good like this. Yeah. Well, I've been over though. So that's a bit of a cryptic clue. Yeah some money in this woman. Yeah, and he's happy. That was Gladiator.
#OFFSET: 3631
Unknown:  Yo, whens a couple of people say and I certain Hannibal which would still work? Yeah, and someone else sent in Maneater, which I suppose works is although he did put the thing in about I'm well happy glad yeah. I know. I know it's not it's not worth that. I know under pretty gets with this and the day off know what do you think? We've got the answer right Eva who got the answer right? Well done to her. I'm going to give her the prizes. She said that she'd heard this before on Christian O'Connell. Shh. This is really annoying, right?
#OFFSET: 3661
Unknown:  That's it. You're going to do summer or we're going to start this new after work Mondays again because you are taking the piss out of me. You're taking the piss out of Graham and you're taking the piss out of London. I'll see you next week change your attitude then biscuit. We may be back next week. It depends on coal gets on baby backs up his attitude.
