#OFFSET: 1
Unknown: 2 Kings of Leon Molly's Chambers on Xfm 104.9 thanks to Lorne over and over the last few hours coming up. We have got some great music Steve. We've got Kings of the idea here. We got Alba we got the darks what Coldplay Coral Rolling Stones. You got some Springsteen the Smith. Do not mean you need anymore and with all that we still got Pete skin with his wacky weather API.
#OFFSET: 30
Unknown:  What flavor soup is that Steve? I know you release all the Genesis genuine article in its cocks. Ooh, look at that. Maybe there's some more humor I could draw you want you want a closer. Look at my God. He just he says he delicious advertising three to four servings. You know, I'm thinking of when you're talking about the same man Scott Peterson. Yeah. Let me just say it's the darkness use roosters. Probably pop super as a snack with crackers or toast don't think I've ever known on.
#OFFSET: 60
Unknown:  Tell you sir again. So core soup base. That doesn't really wear it something no sperm. Let us apply will work on that though.
#OFFSET: 70
Unknown:  The darkness growing on me on Xfm. 104.9 go wasn't it? I've enjoyed it so far. It's been a bit all the naughty and everything but nothing wrong with that. No Carl. Have a good day. Not bad. Not bad. Yeah, what mood are you in this week? What we was at how to assess each week and I was a bit edgy. He's got a red Edge. What was all that you've got red head all around the side and the front. What's that? Sunburn? No. No, I think I'm allergic.
#OFFSET: 100
Unknown:  Two other my head rubbed right now who would rub your head. That sounds a bizarre thing your girlfriend. We're gonna yeah. Well, I was in your head well there but I was squeezing his head fair enough and he was screaming in agony and then he went and made me a cup of coffee and as he came over just built boiling hot coffee on my legs. I'm altering shots anyway, so I just like that just it's not like a series of Jackass out there this morning. I mean my legs are burning he rides a little bit red
#OFFSET: 130
Unknown:  But apart from having a good day, not bad. I was on the way in today, right Steve walking in Walking In always walking on get left early and stuff right to get in early. Get some bits done that monkey news drums the phrase that sort of thing and living in London, right? A lot of is a lot of shops that open early and stuff. You know, I mean people say that's a good thing about London. Yeah. It's almost like 24-hour City and stuff and walking in and there's like, you know, you've got your newsagents. Oh,
#OFFSET: 160
Unknown:  Obviously, you know selling newspapers not as good they've gotta be open early. Then you've got your coffee shop. She Starbucks you have a cup of coffee and Charming but they're doing well in the morning. Then you see like the Odd Restaurant and you think well, maybe this sort of got the doors open what the preparing for launch you think fair enough? Yeah. I like that part. Yeah kind of walking down the road bonded shop open. Sure Pastime. Yeah busy was it there's a couple
#OFFSET: 189
Unknown:  When he took office laughs Pastime for bondage shot. I'm assuming if you're into bondage. Do you you stock up at any time day or night? I mean, you don't yeah. Well, I assume it's really getting to go. Oh, I've got nothing. I need to be a bit early to be tied down here. I need some rice closer to baggy and yeah, oh gosh straps. Yeah. Oh get some rubber on my face. Where do I wanna be doing in there?
#OFFSET: 217
Unknown:  So I just want to browse a bit worried because the things that I've noticed this week like that that's probably a little bit smarter. You've brought you soup in I just found out there. I'm sorry. Yeah, it has reached his pride cock soup noodle soup mix chicken flavor, but I mean do they not know that is obviously just going to be used on The Graham Norton Show and Chris Tarrant when he's doing this show abroad. Yeah. I mean did I mean well, how could they call it cock suit?
#OFFSET: 247
Unknown:  In this day and age keep saying it. Well, that's fine because you don't get so cocky as long as it means the mail we've done this as you mean do you mean chicken? Yeah. It's a picture of a chicken. Yeah. So, what did you think it meant? No, I don't know. I'd love my head. Okay. Sorry. Yeah, what yeah something else that's a bit sort of a bit blue know it blue, but then it's real as well. As you know, I mean these problems go on it's a program we could have said the cops if we'd made it up because it's real. Yeah. Yeah. We also couldn't say the coccyx before the men and mail.
#OFFSET: 275
Unknown:  Penis, thankfully we don't so we mean chicken gone. Yeah, this program was on it was Wednesday night something. Mmm. This little lad. It was a fellow Runner and a woman at the same time like a cartoon with a secret identity my not by night. What do you mean he had it all so so here
#OFFSET: 305
Unknown:  Mine and female genitalia. So what do you call someone is born at weird weird. There was the term for It Go on you know it we've talked about it before.
#OFFSET: 321
Unknown:  Aphrodite really so close. I'm Aphrodite. Yeah hermaphrodite. Yeah, that's weird on it. Yeah, and he had in the mall. Yeah only other well what happened was it was born right? Obviously and the doctor said there you go. I have a little boy and girl so the mom was like what so he said now don't think the doctor was sarcastic. Yeah. Well, I don't think the doctor was sort of dissing them.
#OFFSET: 351
Unknown:  They got it. What? What do you mean doctor another look into her eyes and see what you call. Hey, but doctor what do you mean have a look? He wasn't sarcastic tell me what you mean give riche my hands. He probably went. Oh shit. She's got a cock. He didn't go he wasn't sake to the parents. Anyway, I'm just getting across. You know, I mean, I always had a little bit just to yeah, I know you do you should be a newsreader be brilliant. So so yeah, so there's a little kid line there. Yeah and
#OFFSET: 382
Unknown:  I'm the I'm the mom says, you know what we're going to do then so the doctor I mean, I'm condensing this it was like a long shot. Yeah, so he says what? Well, you know, she's a what will they do? And the doctor said well, he's not sort of well on myself. So it is not sort of well on this topic has been I assume has been struck off since we're saying these things it was a real doctor. It wasn't dr. Fox
#OFFSET: 411
Unknown:  Yeah my God, so the doctor says her recommend night would make it a woman, right? So they sort of do a little bit of jiggery-pokery a little bit of work and I don't think that's true Carl. No, it was on the program, but I think they can tell really what they were meant to be from the chromosomes. I can't they can tell whether X1 y1 is not just it's nice very well home because back then when this was going and I'm just thinking they might not have had the dock.
#OFFSET: 441
Unknown:  Touchdown thought if you had a kid, right and you thought it's a bit ugly. Maybe I'll have about a life if it was a fella if it was a girl. It's a bit ugly anything. It's going to get out of right don't talk shite. What what what the doctor would go right? You had you had a you had a young girl. I tell you what, she's a pig. Let's pop a clock on it. No, no. No, I'm not saying that what I'm saying is safe. You have a like I said a girl and I just think it's harder if a girl's ugly. Yeah.
#OFFSET: 471
Unknown:  We know up because all the time. Yeah, don't you agree with that change their gender know what I'm saying is the Elephant Man would have had a harder time. If it was elephant woman what I'm saying? Listen, listen, listen, what the doctor was saying is if you get a baby before it's too yeah back then they thought you could sort of say well give it instead of giving it a go kart give it dolls to play with but back when what are we talking about?
#OFFSET: 501
Unknown:  out
#OFFSET: 503
Unknown:  The Middle Ages we put a song on come back to the yeah, it's Bruce Springsteen, Atlantic City.
#OFFSET: 522
Unknown:  Springsteen Atlantic City on Xfm 104.9. Okay that have another go Carl. What were you saying as and I'm afraid I might yeah, it was born both sets. The doctor said he's not well long. Let's lose that let's get rid of that that they make it work out. Okay. I'm with you so far go on then. So anyway.
#OFFSET: 544
Unknown:  Gets away with a little bit in the in the early years. It starts going to school and gets away with it a little bit. So all right. What the hell? Do you know when you get to that age and your head goes all funny like when you when you teenager and you sort of you. I don't know your skull goes my never did what you're talking about now is not the time in your teenage years when you look a bit odd. Yeah. I mean you go from being quite a good-looking person and then your body starts growing a
#OFFSET: 574
Unknown:  Current rate, so you never know where you never know till 21 whether you're going to be a look or not or whether it's just yeah, I know go on here. I'm still waiting. So your head grew outwards at exactly the same rate then that's why it's so hot grew faster than your hair to expanding bless him. Come on buddy, but the thing is right. So you see these pictures.
#OFFSET: 604
Unknown:  Is of the lad stroke woman here who's trying to be a woman at the age of fourteen fifteen? She's got one big ads, right? Like a lad doesn't you know, she starts having our time. She doesn't want to play with the makes with the dolls and all that. She's more into go-kart in and that sort of thing gets to an older age. Yeah besides to go back is now sort of with a woman and having a life of a fellow, but did he put a visit to the doctor to keep
#OFFSET: 634
Unknown:  It for him in case he needs it knows other than one put on though as he was he got up from no don't know maybe that pundit shop. What do they do? When they do that? They put on a what do they do? Maybe someone could call in tell us if you're a woman and you have a hole at speak to someone who's got that information. Now, I do want to know what do you call information? I don't want to talk to they construct one to they construct it from plasticine or did they work on a dead one? What what what can a deaf on? Yeah, what what does
#OFFSET: 664
Unknown:  It's not what you mean. No, when a when a woman as a no pain. Yeah do sex change where they get it from. That is it constructed they find like I've had a doughnut for a donor. Oh, yeah a donor the donor. Yeah. Yeah, but presumably it's like there's someone else here had a dummy know something it's not like giving someone a kidney and then something celebrating with them and you want to become a woman. You're going to spare - true but swap. Yeah just do a little swap found on the internet or something. Oh no lemons.
#OFFSET: 694
Unknown:  And what do you mean one-stop-shop? He's not a man. No, nobody go. We got a love failure are who got a lovely nearly new unused Pierce? Well the Keith chegwin, I want kind of bognor Regis once a couple of sits in the family for that. They were all in their minds with the of the chain the John Wayne Bobbitt story, which is always in the ultimate never really kind of got all the information given that 1 car where the woman cut off her husband's penis because when he was sleeping, and he I think she means she raps he drove.
#OFFSET: 724
Unknown:  Off I think he was so it's like too. Yeah, it's that semester. They're so much better than that. Yeah, and she threw it up. She threw her out the window. Yeah, he went and found it. Yeah, but imagine if you've got the hospital and so now they turn it back on God that's bigger than I remember. That's I'm not sure how many of you guys will be done and then bizarrely become a porn star. Yeah. Yeah, very strange life that man's head. Well it is to a bit of a
#OFFSET: 754
Unknown:  shock to the system. And you know Paul I know did you ever that French float the performance artist to 1910 Germany as a performance art he cut his it had it in a theater he cut his novel to a crowd of people now what yeah, that's only a one-night trick their own exactly. But what if there'd been a banner outside right now Corey went lat? Yeah, or they looked outside because a car backfired here to see that it just cut them did you?
#OFFSET: 784
Unknown:  Think of that sacre bleu. I know French if unevenly crying inaudible for your art with a Long View further on Xfm 104.9 as we're having so much fun with penises. Yeah. I thought perhaps I should just access that's a slogan that we should just mention this story briefly to the paper today. I'm Russian is selling what he claims is Hitler's mummified penis for 12,000 pounds. Even Zoo do probe says his x-ray.
#OFFSET: 814
Unknown:  Ed Army soldier dad hacked it off as a souvenir after storming the tyrants Berlin bunker after his suicide in 1945. Yeah, not quite. Why did why did you wait till now to yeah, they found out that that might that might get a bit about 12,000 pounds a great deal since immigrated to the money really which usually isn't true. You don't have to use it. It's not to be over there. It's not going to be a donor imagine that if you round yeah, you'll never be loved right?
#OFFSET: 844
Unknown:  He'll never believe you this. Yeah, you never believe who's doing you a solid. This is gonna freak you out. This is yeah, just relax. Okay sit down now was I got a little surprise it was brilliant. It was really yeah. So you enjoyed it. Yeah, right. Are you a fan of the Third Reich will know all for rice is done. Okay? Okay, let's go different tack, you know, you did like the sex I left the sex. Okay, then yeah, it's not going to be Hitler's nor visit. But so I like the idea that I mean you were your X-ray.
#OFFSET: 874
Unknown:  Red, you're in the Red Army. Yeah, you've just stormed Berlin. Yeah, like 45 you crash into your cancer. You've gone through Tau terrible how you've lost 20 million Conway's oppression everything on four years you in there. You see the man. Yeah here he is. He's dead. He's dead. He's the figurehead and leader of one of the most despicable, you know, you turn to your friends as a tear in your eye. Yeah, and your immediate thought is I ought to chop off his todger. Yeah. Yeah. Well now I said back seat.
#OFFSET: 904
Unknown:  Is it back to the Winkle I said bags is Winkle outside. Whoever it was has to be Hitler brilliant. It's just I can't it just doesn't make sense. It's ludicrous. It's ludicrous and I don't know. How how is he expecting to prove this because I want some proof. Well, this is I think that's why I said that he probably started off with got it this face and I went brilliant. I'll let's have a look at it was amazing. What's your checks it to face dark. Obviously. I know what he looks like. Oh, yeah. No, it's not. Ah, yeah. You know what? No, it's not as far as what what what wouldn't you know, it look like wow.
#OFFSET: 934
Unknown:  I mean no one's ever seen his genitals. That's what I've got. Yeah, I've got it. I've got it. It's got a little swastika on it. Is that there's a pretty Pleasant. Yeah. I got his ball will know the other always got one is Mother's got the other so I don't know see the Albert Hall. I would have thought would probably be paying that telephones because apparently they thought they've already got his ball. Yeah. I got one of his body cut one of his balls. Yeah. Yeah, but if they got the tatras, I cannot track down the one his mother's got they would have a complete set of Hitler's. I'm just hoping just to fall into the hands of some kind of crazed genetic scientist what I could climb it from your mouth clone.
#OFFSET: 964
Unknown:  We're back to our I don't even want to think about the future if that's the sort of way. We're going exactly if that's the sort of way. We're going Carl. I'd rather not know about it. What do you make of it? We're in it is weird. I mean, I don't want to go on for this too long with the probably got about a minute left for the first half hour and I reckon should come this sort of not 30 minutes of genital talk in a museum and it's like that London Museum. What one want? Well, do you know like how people are buying
#OFFSET: 994
Unknown:  Weird stuff and that to put in museums. Yeah, there's this device that but I mean think about it years and years ago, they used to torture people didn't lie. Yeah, really badly and the device is got no real good. Thought you were gone. I see your point. Yeah, but this device right think about it. You've done something really bad years ago. Yeah, right you thinking are what they going to do? Yeah, I mean, but the only thing here there's a cup of the end for me the device they've got is this thing that you put on your you bits as a fella and it's not a metal.
#OFFSET: 1024
Unknown:  So it means you can sort of you know, get excited. It puts a stop to you sort of that wasn't a torture device. I think there's a Victorian thing to stop adolescent boys wanking. They still have things like wrist things as well with like spikes on them. It's not a torture device. Isn't that we're not really it's imagine that being captured by our own again. All right, not really a torture device is it and it wasn't that many nice looking women?
#OFFSET: 1054
Unknown:  wondering about anyway apart lamb was he excited about stuff while you're talking about a filthy this stonking everything about then discovered that
#OFFSET: 1069
Unknown:  No more of that talk. All right, let's move on filthy and stinking. Yeah, they're better Rolling Stones and stuffy old songs of French. Yeah Stones Beast of Burden. We've not played it before. It's an absolute gem.
Unknown: 
#OFFSET: 1099
Unknown:  The Rolling Stones Beast of Burden. Can I just take this opportunity Rick to to say to Sir Mick Jagger? Happy 60th birthday this year. Ohmic be 60th birthday this year was it today? I don't know. I don't know what otherwise you'd be saying. Happy birthday to everyone every day. No. No because I don't know Mick Jagger do I so I'm just taking the opportunity in case you happen to be listening today to wish him 60th, maybe 60 or someone who knows him well
#OFFSET: 1123
Unknown:  How about Brian Farrell is Brian, but well, I mean, he's he's not gonna fail this year. I'm not going to wish Bryan Ferry approved a good Brian well,
#OFFSET: 1137
Unknown:  Silence Is Easy Star Cider on Xfm 104.9 why is the sequence of the week if you want to go and do some shopping this is probably a good time and come back again a bit cool past but don't forget other. What I will say is even though these Clues we're going to songs of raised by the way where Carl picks out a phrase that he might have said once tries to find words from songs to put it together. You gotta get as many as you can song or artist. I can't remember but even
#OFFSET: 1165
Unknown:  You might okay, that's meant to I don't know any of them. You might win if you get to write. I mean, I think the winner last we got about three hours. I mean last week, I mean Rock Buster's surprisingly was very very popular quiz. Yeah, it just has to be put awful. Yeah. This one is pitiful. I mean, it's truly atrocious. Yeah, and it really doesn't even have a fan base. I mean, there's no one championing this one car last week. Seriously mate. I've got a bank. Okay, that's 1 by 7 and replies that our God that's terrible. That was like when you told a kid that you couldn't afford a
#OFFSET: 1195
Unknown:  Thomas present this year look at his face. Yeah, he is distraught because it's like Chris Evans face when they said they were canceling girls and boys that money you owe me leave it. So when I just play is to you and whatever college and work out.
#OFFSET: 1225
Unknown:  Cries I'm so it's a phrase that might once been uttered on this show. It was said last week. Alright, okay. Brilliant. All right, here we go. I know you're just 16 but looking all of the right that's ridiculous. What it is is it's something
#OFFSET: 1255
Unknown:  Thing like right you're only 16, but you look 26 the Chinese look older than they are or something cuz he said that the chicken stepped on a trout that is mental girl. It's ridiculous racist piece of material evidently. I got radio 16, but looking old.
#OFFSET: 1292
Unknown:  You just six days little 21. That's because the Chinese look out amazing. So there you go. There's well-known phrase. Yeah, it's 16 looking all of 21. That's because the Chinese look older well-known phrase. They're sweeping the nation.
#OFFSET: 1314
Unknown:  That's the that will be that there with was up and shut that door if they do a poll, right? Okay flight water wheel after the artists. Yeah. Yeah. I know. You're just 16 but looking old.
#OFFSET: 1343
Unknown:  Let's see what the prices are. We've got items is the new album from nowhere. Everyone's going crazy from our I've got I've not heard people stop talking about mower. But there it is. We got the arm from the web Brothers which might be quite good the Polyphonic Spree album the best dancer in the world ever, which is ideal. Perhaps you having a barbecue and you've got lots of eight-year-old children coming Polyphonic Spree. I look
#OFFSET: 1368
Unknown:  I have nothing well a pretty good band, but it's the album sounds like a million You're Gonna Make A lotta for Equity. I know it's place. I mean the sort of India Covenant of the so solid crew. Yeah, you're not gonna make any money the managers get into it and also on DVD Red Dwarf series one, so I'm absolutely barnstorming quizzes. And if you can identify what our s to use in this well known racist phrase, that's because the Chinese look older.
#OFFSET: 1398
Unknown:  But once more one more time, I know you're just 16 but looking all the time.
#OFFSET: 1416
Unknown:  Ricky Gervais Z is f m dot U k-- lehre retro, this is Radio Panic The Smiths on Xfm 104.9 while we've got the in the first half hour, which is known mainly genitor related to that we've kicked in.
#OFFSET: 1438
Unknown:  Some racism but guess what is it seems appropriate at this juncture just to mention something that's in the paper today Dominic Mohan. I know you're a big fan and as I he is just writing about the demise of Radio 1. Well as he as he perceives it and talking about the radio 1 breakfast show and ponies lost lots of listeners and he says talking of the BBC in must act swiftly to replace Sara Cox and look too exciting and inspirational figures like Jonathan Ross and and deck Johnny Vaughan or Ricky Gervais is to try and save radio one. He's right. I mean he's right.
#OFFSET: 1467
Unknown:  Overheard this show what's he talking about? All those other acts? They're Dynamite. I can't genuinely that's someone who said I quite like we could you make sure he's never that you can't have listened. I mean, can you imagine what we just play? What if I can you imagine the last 50 minutes on Radio 1 on the wreck for sure. Well, we care we can figure called it though. So we'll have to get up early. Sure. That's not your point is it's not you point is the quality of what we're doing not well our is sure sure get it get it get it. Yeah you provide the wicked you think if you went to
#OFFSET: 1497
Unknown:  One what sort of cause I'm a treat we can do all that because I'm obviously our time it takes our family's going to basically running into IB the furry shreddy, right? Yeah. So it's I'd get that would you have to work it catchphrase? I think I would do you bring back? Holy Fook. How do you forget? Oh ding dong. Oh, hello is my little Chinese neighbor. What's your name? My name is holy. Fuck. Hello. Look Carly. Let's just go now. You didn't even do the Chinese like so that's how we met.
#OFFSET: 1527
Unknown:  Okay, sure your sisters names. Holy fuck. There's nothing another all funny about that. So yeah, you'd have that, you know your family comedy characters. You probably have some wacky quizzes. Yeah. Oh, oh look, it's dirty. How queer no. No, I'm not he's a new character to me. I'm quite excited you things very modern and contemporary a new spin on an old idea. Yeah, just a little bit more. Oh, wow. Mmm, he's
#OFFSET: 1557
Unknown:  Chapter is he and he likes to take it up. All right. Well, that's just some if anyone from anyone is listening. Yeah, they've listened to dr. Mohan in the paper. They thought yes, you're right. We need some new blood at Radio 1 Ricky Gervais. She's got a myriad of Comedy characters. Yeah, whack. Oops. I can do sound effects sound effects. So we do funny voices like Chris moyles. Can you yeah. Wow, not as good but I'm asking about comedy songs like moyles again. Not as good but I mean, I remember when moyles rather hilariously change the words of this is
#OFFSET: 1587
Unknown:  My Moment by Martine McCutcheon to this is my motor we listened to it unbelievable. Oh man, he's doing accomplish. This was pathetic wasn't it? We were listening to the radio and what's wrong I was right and that I don't know why we just wanted to have it was research wasn't it for the office? Yeah, and he was doing this at the phone in with rationing two idiots. And that would now I'm not saying that and he was doing this competition you had to call him with some songs that have golf-related and people have any bearing that drive the cars. He was going to drive the cars good.
#OFFSET: 1617
Unknown:  And I was on that phone I must to waste about 40 quid not in to get through and go. Hello, cuz he's not malti. Malti. Yeah, Derek. Hey, Derek Hale got one got one. Well go on and do what is it? And some will expand our body with golfing golfing golf cart that and I just wanted to do and that way it's just I thought the joke's on us. Yeah, it's not phone bill just to say something that stupid. Oh dear. Oh is chose better than this? Yeah. Anyway, if you've got any hilarious golf-related assigning titles.
#OFFSET: 1647
Unknown:  What's the number let me know when Ricky Gervais sex offender will be perhaps you were doing something about I don't know air travel. Yeah, if you've got any crazy ideas emailing, we'd love to hear them. Yeah, but it's like I've got a thought of another girlfriend. Okay, you know Duran Duran Summit down the Fairway or something like that. All right, that's good old on the putting green. Yeah. All right. Oh hello.
#OFFSET: 1677
Unknown:  It's true, sir. My name's holy fuck. I'm dirty old queer like a doll that dingdong quack. Oops.
#OFFSET: 1689
Unknown:  Elbow Fallen Angel tear the old one out is a because because of what they're like and who they are and I successfully I can imagine saying will you please welcome to the stage elbow indeed, but I wouldn't have either fun paper. I thought that was a terrible band name. Yeah. No, I do you mean there are exceptions to the rule. Yeah Lieutenant, please welcome to the stage the Boomtown Rats. Yeah. Yeah. See I thought that was a I think it is a bad name is about but you can imagine it happening.
#OFFSET: 1719
Unknown:  Yeah, so that's fine. I'm so call in if you got an email address is nothing's going with many observations on life and let's go halfway through we've covered a lot of bases. We went taut taut and anything not taught them anything. Mmm. Nothing that what we taught them to put you into a different station. Yeah, I think heart one of six point two is probably picking up a few few of our listeners as we speak. It was on
#OFFSET: 1748
Unknown:  A moment don't know doesn't matter. I don't know does it did you sort of don't slag them off? No not slacking them off. I'm just saying I don't think you tune in because you want to hear simply reading that don't you tell me why they play the great stuff as well. Magic is the one that I love because I only have listened to it in a cab now if I'm in a mini: that's good. That is a good station but magic is dynamite, but I know a magic the DJ's have got like five hour shifts. It's incredible. They're all and and they did their own news. I know it's like it's like they've caught any expenditure.
#OFFSET: 1778
Unknown:  Let Channel. Okay, it's just some old records. Yeah one guy asked him for five hours read his own use his own travel. It's there's nothing I saw a bloke Stoner broke struggling. Once he sort of wants to be a bit of a sort of comedian and he does one link. It's sort of one sort of 15 second link between each record because it goes that Celine Dion as a story in the paper again that people were late for work on the Underground because there was leaves on the track.
#OFFSET: 1808
Unknown:  Jack just wondering if that leaves rather late for work because there's people on the Trap. It's simply red. He's gotta come up with humans.
#OFFSET: 1839
Unknown:  Carl's face when I said that the man mouth yeah that cloned a man mouth nobody else. That's the sort of thing. I think we need now, right we've covered a lot of stuff. Well education. Yeah. Well, it'll work a what you want to know. How have you adjusted? Can you educate Us in reading but just go bring back just for one one for one night. Only educating Ricky. Oh, I'm excited. Yeah, I think it warrants that.
#OFFSET: 1866
Unknown:  I don't I don't know enough about it. You know, I mean about what size perfect play the jingle. Oh educating Ricky's getting smarter couple of things happened in the week that I read about. Okay. Keep an eye on what's going on in that? Sure. Yeah one was what about that Galileo? Fella? Okay. What about 1636? I think it might be gone. It's some stuff we light and that is he here.
#OFFSET: 1896
Unknown:  Just lots of physical experiments. Yeah, it's not it then Carl. Is it up with lighting that what did he do? We like what was that what he did it? Well it I think he invented the first telescope. Yeah telescope. So I think it's a particular lens out of that and it did experiments where it dropped to famously two different weighted balls from Peter Pisa and
#OFFSET: 1926
Unknown:  they hit the ground at the same time showing that the doesn't matter the weight doesn't matter are resistance does and stuff like that. I think you probably explained it a bit better than that. Yeah, but I'm talking to Carl Schultz. Did they need to know something about pizza? Yeah that they need to know stuff like that back then what do we do? They need to know stuff that it's just it's just they want people going around going I gotta drop this two things off at leave it I repeat. I just don't know which one's gonna land first. Yeah. I need to know what you need to do that earlier. Yeah. It's for a bet. Yeah.
#OFFSET: 1956
Unknown:  If I was knocking about that, I'd be like stop messing with that.
#OFFSET: 1960
Unknown:  We need a Telly. He thinks The Flintstones is real. No, that'll be great. That's what I do. If I was a caveman, I'd make a tele out of rot. Yeah, and the Pelicans mix on the room. Exactly. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, we need the car, but we haven't really got the internal combustion engine. Can you stick your feet through the bottom? Yeah. Just get me a car for Christ's sake anyway, so I learnt and then he learned his name.
#OFFSET: 1990
Unknown:  Good watch Telly go on cargo on and it was also a fella in the week. You said that women shouldn't be wearing trousers. Why because they don't look good in them.
#OFFSET: 2002
Unknown:  Right. Who is this man? And from what? We aren't fellow French fella last week. Did he mean walk around naked? He's just said women should wear skirts rather than trousers because no one in looks good in a pair of pants, right? How old was he? There's probably about 67 about a 67 68. Yeah wasn't happy with that. What do you think? What do you think about that? It's rubbish.
#OFFSET: 2027
Unknown:  Mmm, these are the only things of course your eye over the last couple of weeks. This is the entire Galileo did something with like a French fella said women should wear trousers see that that to me wouldn't pass as education. It's not that I don't know where you could ever use that I don't know when that would ever be applicable to life. I just like reading stuff that sort of reminds me of Jeremy if I read and it gets me thinking. I think that's that's a good little piece but I mean, but surely me can't you just started? Let's see.
#OFFSET: 2057
Unknown:  Some of the vibrates to keep your brain going or shake your head every now and again, I mean, what does this do? You mean it makes you start using your brain, but what aspect of the a Frenchman said women shouldn't wear trousers got your mind working. What questions were you on the phone. That's a bit as a bit Daft in it, right? Yeah. Okay and with me, let's go through this. I wish we could download. Let's just watch it. Yeah, we need great luggage.
#OFFSET: 2087
Unknown:  DVD and I didn't imagine that extra footage on the office DVD. Yeah, Carl's brain that would be accommodating our with a commentary gone women wearing wearing trousers and that right on the estate. I grew up in yeah on right there's a woman out for hours is down right rough. She's the one who has all this take. She was ready. Yeah. She's the one who's kid took off into her house. Yes right now, we won't go over that again.
#OFFSET: 2117
Unknown:  Venu listener, I think we covered think the gasoline is don't know. Yeah. Now she still wear leggings now. They're about others. They are a terrible idea. I agree with you there Carl if you're a lady or what the norm opens with a with a pink know there was a lot of black but with all bits on them. Oh, right. You don't mean yeah toast and just horse droppings. Yeah go on there and she used to
#OFFSET: 2145
Unknown:  She's quite a big woman. Sure, Pauline quirke look like a light bulb which is attracted to leggings. Yeah. I know. Yeah, I drawn to them like I'm off and that's what I remember when I read this piece and she used to work on one of those sex line things right? She's through that. But what was she an engineer the width of the word thing with the was Chad?
#OFFSET: 2175
Unknown:  Eyelids. That's right. God that that were too big and they said this is what I was thinking what I'm doing shit. What do you mean? She had big eyelids? How big do I deserve to be? If you to go there big eyelids or she shoplifting with them? Would you come out of Dixon's with like radio stored in them? What do you mean to help design? It was another one in popular thing was round now, why do you know I mean popular things and that's how I will write. Can I get some big eyelids, please? No. No, it was just like one of the things that people suffered with just being eyelids because
#OFFSET: 2205
Unknown:  only open their eyes that that's one of the popular things around where I grew up people that big eyelids they could hardly open their eyes. What does that mean? What sort of freak town where you born in you had webbed feet people with big heads. You got women with big eyelids. What has big eyelids mean. Are you confusing her with the horse there? Yeah, it's Yahoo's look what just just too much skin. It was like the the neck of a chicken.
#OFFSET: 2236
Unknown:  But on the eyes, what's your point anyway, so there's this big eyelid woman with the land. That's what I'm saying to you. That's when I read that story with people with trousers. Yeah, I went from that. Yeah to about what you used to have big eyelids stay. I still another point but then but then and also the other bloke you are the eyelid problem was a was a mate of mine is his dad at it and same problem massive massive eyelids. I don't like me at all. I mean I used to say to me mama.
#OFFSET: 2265
Unknown:  I'm going around to you know, Dave's house. Yeah and Order say well, that's all right, but make sure his dad doesn't take you out in the car because he could hardly times.
#OFFSET: 2295
Unknown:  Yeah, I mentioned the trousers Ricky Bobby. We think about people with big eyelids wearing leggings. I record Carl got nonsense. No. No, I Muse time is running out on Xfm 104.9 just a couple of emails just to update you on what's coming in here. Natasha has emailed us. She says that she's of Chinese origin and at 27. He often got mistaken for 24. So your notion that Chinese people don't age well,
#OFFSET: 2325
Unknown:  Obviously factually incorrect. Yeah, well we did need thank you for coming but I mean honestly trash doesn't actually we didn't need you to tell us that we know Carl is talking absolute nonsense wait till you get to 30. This is all he says let Carl know that I have a Chinese friend called olly imagine the confusing it amusing situations regain to around about busy. So
#OFFSET: 2355
Unknown:  And cam a lightning wait till you're 30. Yeah, I know brilliant, but no actually we've had a surprising response to songs of praise this week despite. The fact everyone has agreed that it's racialist they but nevertheless that again so keep your answers coming in because we may as well you're a hit car you hit what we saw what monkey news? Yeah, that's still coming up. Yeah. Um, we're not reaching figure we can come on.
#OFFSET: 2386
Unknown:  No, I don't want to upset people on that show, but there is a good freaky program on this week go on. I think it's on Channel 4. Yeah, a woman a woman with a big ad on it. Now that it's bbc2 is that yeah. All right. Well, that's just to on because I'll be a great week for you. Wouldn't it? Brilliant won't become a nice. You said concept might say what you said when you saw it the woman with the with the ad yeah just said it looks like a cartoon.
#OFFSET: 2415
Unknown:  Just think there's so many other want to discuss that's not he's not mean it is mean car again Steve if we were in a restaurant and I'm arranging to meet and I said to the guy on the door, I'm meeting you know, Lisa or whatever name is here. Like what does it look like? Well looks like a cartoon. I'll be over there. I don't think he'll get what would you say about me and Steve again? If you meeting us now, it's just starts getting blasted on it. I'm eating.
#OFFSET: 2445
Unknown:  Karl Pilkington, we're very busy at what you look like. He looks like Charlie Brown groups got a complete little round bald head and he's got a gourmets. Look on his face. He's over there mate. Yeah. Alright that's started the ball rolling for you Carl. I love that. It's okay to say what you like about people if you go. Yeah, but if I was looking for in a restaurant, I know yeah and why have you arranged to go on a date with this woman pick an eye out for her for you?
#OFFSET: 2473
Unknown:  I'd like to have a chat with her not mean just find out what worries our own. Yeah, I mean because some girls people like this thing's number I be in a mess and that yeah, whether it's like Lycia problems not mine fine. All right. Well, let's move on they were not doing she freaking the week anymore. Now, let's do something nice. Let's talk nicely about then it what's happened. Nice in the world car. What do you like in the world when you get a when you go that was a brilliant day I dot dot dot what do you do when you go? Oh that was brilliant.
#OFFSET: 2503
Unknown:  We had a game last game of snooker. You likes new connector mean you and Steve flesch Snuka last week. Yeah what things are always ruined. Yeah. I mean I might be having a nice time having a game of snooker and and then, you know, we're having a proper battle and I'm trying to concentrate on taking a shot and then you'll say things like look at his little monkey hand and I'm going for the black or maybe I'll say I'm just just going to the toilet and then
#OFFSET: 2531
Unknown:  One of you will follow me in and pay her over the actually in a cubicle sitting down wasn't it and Steve Merchants head of bed and went. All right, and you will wipe out wasn't it? Oh, that was great George Michael on me. He's one of the benefits of being very tall. You can look over all the Stalls in tiny Laboratories. I could drop out you'll see nothing. You look up right and this is very good.
#OFFSET: 2561
Unknown:  Stop all the fun we had. Oh, it's great in it - an intelligent. It's like the monkeys. We are like the monkeys. Oh Wesley. I wanted to write as thing for the darkness. I want to write a like the new monkeys on TV show. Yeah, do I do that? Yeah, right. Yeah. Okay. Well if they listening or the radio show record company listening or their manager big fan of darkness my family don't make a fool of my favorite band the moment. Let's say we're doing a pilot then running around speed it up. They can have their say
#OFFSET: 2591
Unknown:  Next I can write songs, especially for us what if they can expect and then they can act they just ask themselves running around. We're getting people like Henry. Was it McGee in that to come in and sort of be the actors and yeah, you know all those Posh actors that that appear analogy in that, you know, it's like a lot of hard work. Yeah. Okay for go knock on the head. Yeah this play Radiohead.
#OFFSET: 2621
Unknown:  Radiohead and let down off. Okay computer on Xfm 104.9 right? Let's get some nice stuff then annoyed. Her was yesterday go on just got off the train and guy comes up to me and he says, excuse me. Can you spare some change? I'm I'm from Liverpool and I'm homeless and I was so angry. I really was in a bad mood. Anyway, I just wanted to say to him. Well, there's your mistake.
#OFFSET: 2645
Unknown:  Go back to Liverpool. That's why you're only is your in London. Where am I Liverpool and thought if only come down here? Well, where would you rather be homeless Liverpool London? Well, I'll carve. Well, no, but I mean, I'd certainly yeah, I mean just why spices I'm from Liverpool lime is why is that supposed to be a persuading Factor just annoyed me. I thought there's enough problems here. What's going for a double tees in that double sympathy vote? Yeah only animal everybody here just said, I'm from Liverpool to give him some change.
#OFFSET: 2675
Unknown:  Because he was from Manchester was my sandwich. Yeah, the thing the other night right to do this program. It's only only in London. So if you listen at London you all know about it, but it's down Oxford Street, right and about all the thieving that goes. All right, Steven. Yeah, you know drug problems. Yes streets not yeah, you know what gets on peoples nerves those people with the board's the you know, golf sale and all that and this this bit that concentrated on the Homeless Problem. All right.
#OFFSET: 2705
Unknown:  And he said, you know this fellow looks after you almost he goes up to him says are you doing are you hungry you need food and that you said, you know a lot of people worry about the almost but we do try and look after them and the Salvation Army will there and they said in this is where they can come if they need anything if they need any food or any clothes if the shoes are worn out and I said, I'll can we have a look at that, right? So they go in this little room where all the clothes are and they go and there's there's like a load of jumpers for them in the winter in the cold and the cameras are pans across.
#OFFSET: 2735
Unknown:  Load of Tory's right the homeless what ties Tommy families from around around the neck like to look smart. Now, they use them as belts see the latter was the lead for their dogs. Yeah. Yeah sighs that's what I did. This is the room with all the stuff in there is nobody.
#OFFSET: 2765
Unknown:  Evening dress in the global and he converts Now, where's the camera button? I'm thinking of being homeless outside the Royal Albert Hall do you like? Yeah, that's where the real pickings are. I'm breaking in the back door of the Savoy to seek another charity thing that was reading about the other day that they doing did I give them trainers? Because I've seen a lot of traps with new trainers and I think there must be like a lot of kind of a soup kitchen where they get shoes because that's that's it must be. Yeah. Otherwise, that's weird and it you get here you bloody money your bag all day.
#OFFSET: 2795
Unknown:  Get a nice new pair of Nike. Yeah, I know but don't waste it on clothes. Get some tennis get some yeah Special Brew. That's the best value got some smack. Ya little started banging - yeah, that's weird. You say I trained as a most important thing because like, you know all the problems in Africa sure right a lot of problems going on there the other day they're asking for people to send.
#OFFSET: 2825
Unknown:  spectacles
#OFFSET: 2828
Unknown:  sorry, right. Would you be happy if you were over there and like you're hungry on that and then they say you go. Oh, yeah, let's leave for a reason. I don't think it's got bad eyes on that. Yeah, I know but I don't think they go round is not that when you see those things on live aid and there's people dying but they're putting specs on them. I think that's what is no it's not Carl. Let's go out with food and medication before they put a little pair of specs on the land. That is now he came across any other
#OFFSET: 2858
Unknown:  Hopefully walk hand in hand, you know the people handing out the food are also you know walking alongside guys with the specs and they handing them out as well. What if they got to look out for they don't own anything so we got the realize how bad everything is got its rubbish are in it try and help out the world have joined a little Charity thing. I pay me five pounds a month. Yeah. I'm all up for helping. Yes. Well, sometimes you think what can we do you mean what can we do? Okay. What can we do?
#OFFSET: 2888
Unknown:  We can't do anything. Okay, the other day I was reading up on the amount of debt that South Africa and in that and it's just like that's without any shops. I don't mean if they had shops to spend the money on the big dividend the be murder. That's very well. That isn't portal Maddie's Smeg fridges from us. It's shopping.
#OFFSET: 2918
Unknown:  We jumping I have we've gone over the top you're on a budget now you get nothing, but grinding blind kits for the next year. Did you go mental to lose a billion quid in dictionary?
Unknown: 
#OFFSET: 2943
Unknown:  What coming single from the Thrills that's called Santa Cruz on Xfm 104.9 and we were just talking about people who do good work in a Wandering up and down Oxford Street. You can stuff to the homeless and thing and I was it a little there a little kind of music festival back in my hotel home town of Bristol periodically in the summer. They can ever really attract any decent eggs, but you know, we support anywhere for his head now in return key. No, no. No, I think they're all this year. It was Robert Plant who sang a lots of Old Blues covers and people were quite bored until he played Whole Lotta Love at the end and then we sort of went really
#OFFSET: 2972
Unknown:  It all the old Led Zeppelin shot playlist other not so that's what I'm interested in. So are we set this exactly Robert Rob? Oh no. No, no, but some guys just snuck off into the woods for you know a while as because I'm white rock and roll like that and I was passing and these are group of people and I've always thought they never get enough praise enough credit and I genuinely and I mean this without entirely sincerely, I'm really do I don't mean to be I'm not taking a look at all. But the st. Johns Ambulance people that actually binding because they are they all look like nerds.
#OFFSET: 3002
Unknown:  And they all looked like kind of go to normally kind of fat women or kind of or going to float you're doing I think you're doing very well for their room their new recruitment campaign. Well sounds like they're selling it to people it was your point is that they've not change the uniforms in like four years. There is normally yeah, it's normally the kind of the Nerds from your school who went in there forever. It's kind of all people. I saw them. They were all sat around in this little area. No one was you know, they were just staring they were born. They were really enjoying the music and I thought look at that. They're not that fact, you know fell what a point of Maximum eight I said,
#OFFSET: 3032
Unknown:  That fight was over there in the uniform with the glasses and the hair brush for the glasses hairbrush for you kind of blue navy jumper Satchel is little such. Yeah, he's never gonna get off with a girl probably until he's like 30 and even then it gets to lose some clothes and even then it's good. He's good. He's giving mouth-to-mouth. Yeah, right and I thought he's knowing anything. I'll tell you this all these trendy young girls walking around in there in there in there kind of, you know, cool summer gear in their trendy tie-dye in the like I'll tell you when one of them, you know, take something that's a little bit dodgy. They bought off some guy with
#OFFSET: 3062
Unknown:  Ed's right and then they're desperate for him and they zip in there. I'll quit quit my friends, you know passing out. She's had something she's on a funny turn and he straight though with his water and his medication. Oh, yeah, they need him then but you don't get any action the rest of the time, you know, she's doing that's what annoyed me but I thought they're doing a bloody good job. They turn a bit sports events at festivals. No one gives him the time of day. You never really good praise about them and their their sat there Steve hot or cold me the truth. Now, did you join the Saint Johns Ambulance last week to get some birds night should really nice and I've been passing some dodgy. He's right.
#OFFSET: 3095
Unknown:  By the way, your dreads are awful. You can see they're fake from in a newspaper. They're awful. You'd really do look at idiot. But seriously, I'm all joking aside. I genuinely wanted to give some massive props give some big UPS to the st. John's because I genuinely without any joke and a genuine thing. They do a brilliant job. Could I just say how good I think the Salvation Army are because you see those elderly ladies with surgical supports a lot of them all look like for heard. Yeah. Well, that's
#OFFSET: 3122
Unknown:  The prerequisite to get into that are me and they play that Bloody tambourine rain or shine and they are just all they're trying to do is to you know, save you from burning in hell and they don't get any respect of the Salvation Army. Do they like what they have to get called off? Yeah. Maybe we should be the gurkhas first then all the regulars then the Tas I think then it's I think then it's sort of like police lifeguard lifeguard for down.
#OFFSET: 3152
Unknown:  Sit down to I think II and then it's Salvation Army. We send the Salvation Army. Obviously if you know really I've lost a lot of yeah casual is shouldn't have and now they're that they're the last to go. Yeah, but they all highly trained up they saw women they can kill a man. Yeah. That was a single blow. Yeah. Yeah. So good. Good. Good to them. Good for Johns Ambulance good to Salvation Army pick up. I think they should just you know, if I might introduce a new feature every week. Let's just give some props just give some activity but there's no one who doesn't get enough respect. Yeah who doesn't get it?
#OFFSET: 3182
Unknown:  Distract it was done a blinding job Mother Teresa's she's gone. If you don't you won't be listening anyone. Who's the best person who's the best person name is what we're going to talk about owner called either Carol vorderman or Esther rantzen and say it was the best one you've ever met that. Do, you know did some yeah. All right. I will then we'll get Heap praise upon them next week. Yeah, great. What?
#OFFSET: 3212
Unknown:  I just don't like, you know, they know they know they doing a good job, right? If I did that job or part on the back. You will need a pat on the back. I'm people are starting to you know, it's like Carol vorderman a lie, because she's all right. She does a good job. But now that Better Homes the only tend to turn up at people who had problems. Yeah. I mean, right I'll leave it on leave it at that. What wait wait wait go on what you mean? No, at least he used to start off and it's like I haven't seen better homes. What is better is to go around if someone's out. All right, you know, I mean, but then they get they get a better bad news.
#OFFSET: 3242
Unknown:  Use and Carol thinks I'll cheer them up. I'll give you a new kitchen. Yeah, and it annoys me because if you haven't had bad news, it doesn't mean you're not worth a new kitchen. Did you send in an application say that I'm bored. I'm from Manchester. But if you'd written that later Rush road, yeah, what do you mean that what they say Santos as a bad year is mum died. He lost his leg and all he's ever wanted is a shares long and a host extremely only Annoying Thing is right, they might
#OFFSET: 3272
Unknown:  Not be the ones who write in it might be a neighbor. They also get something sorted out from them. Really. So even though the neighbors had about a bad news to go cash in on this one. I'll send the letter into Old Carol. Tell her that you know, mom's passed away. Yeah, I'll get a new Conservatory sorted sure and sometimes our neighbor gets a better deal than the person who do not mean the person who's had a bit of bad news gets like a new little kitchen. Whatever Neighbor Next Door leads to Victory Let It Go new decking in the you had to pay for our kitchen and it's not me. No is it
#OFFSET: 3302
Unknown:  Kitchen sorted bathroom use the eyedropper the growling. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't we have got we got to look play a record. We've got to do the results and then we got our do monkey news. Could we quickly do the results for you? Say we've got to do the results. It's not people hanging on for them. That's dangerous. Just knock it out there before I let you in this come out do they didn't hot rods? Yes.
#OFFSET: 3327
Unknown:  I do not want to do anything what to do that's uplifting in it all all the drumming brilliant takes me back all the way back to 1978 on Xfm. 104.9 we do what we do what your memories I was actually probably dancing around miming the drums to that in my bedroom at that. I remembered we might never know. I remember that I had that 100 and a single but I'd got it from an old jukebox. So it didn't have a middle true. I if they think they're called dinked right and so at a lineup
#OFFSET: 3352
Unknown:  Really carefully and sometimes by the end of it just slightly now out where the record was moving words that to interesting and it go there the first day. I love me what I was doing 25 years ago Carl quick the result there monkey news. I need to Monkey news, but I need results first by play it again and give the answers. Here we go. Some traditions the phrase name the our snowman. I know you're just 16 but looking all of humankind, that's
#OFFSET: 3389
Unknown:  Right. It was that was Roxette the look. Yeah. Yeah, right. We add a hue and cry started off. Yeah 16 that's was Dean Martin because yeah Jane Jazz addiction yet because because yeah Chinese philipbaillie it by the second out in his ad last one now. We used in for Chinese where there's as Harry Chinese kid is never got too many.
#OFFSET: 3412
Unknown:  Well is being used in right cysts game shows brilliant been rocks are and finishing with George Michael. Oh, yeah. So brilliant is the winner. Well the winner at show it looks to me like he's got all of them here from bognor Regis. It's Stuart Birch. What on Stewart and you get that bag bag art at the Regis just need an extra back as well. Yeah, if you don't just emailing your address Stewart and you can have those goodies. If you don't interest you don't bother it's Dave. Oh chimpanzee that monkey news Okay monkey.
#OFFSET: 3442
Unknown:  News from Karl Pilkington, right John the monkey that went into space. Yeah. Yep happened in 1958 right now. You know that. Yes. What do you do next? What was the monkey next one appearance on Celebrity squares and there was like forgotten. Yeah cut enough novelty record. Yeah. It's a trick Walla. I'll tell you what happened. You got back your hero's welcome. Nice, uh sort of said, you know, you did a good job.
#OFFSET: 3476
Unknown:  And that's where a lot of people think think you know, it all ended. Sure. Yeah, but NASA will I land on a minute? He's trying time with train them up and stuff. So he's like, you know, he's saying sure sure, you know, I've learned a lot of still got it all I've kept it all I know what to do. So they said right we'll use you. So it turned into like a bit of a trainer we've seen you out of the top of an organ called this little bellhop. I could you smoke fags here. I love her.
#OFFSET: 3502
Unknown:  Go so it was they were getting in you monkeys. You know, the main man at Nasa was saying can you teach you is the same as going to go? So, can you don't mean I remember it all I know what's going on also and what buttons to press what to do in emergencies that sort of thing. It was technically sort of employed by the Army right? Because that's what I just can I just fit in here stir. I don't know the story Carl and I might embarrass yourself. If you've got an army of people out there that are probably send me an equally deranged email from a different website.
#OFFSET: 3532
Unknown:  But I'm pretty sure where they said the monkey into space it was two Mana is physiology. He didn't he didn't personally buttons or learn to dock or take off. It just it was just the effects of weightlessness and spice on basically a primate. I'm pretty sure he was tied in with electrodes to his head. So well, yeah, I'm pretty sure I pooped but even if that were the case and he had learned to press one or two, very basic, but definitely not definitely
#OFFSET: 3562
Unknown:  Even if it were the case, I definitely certain they wouldn't have brought him back to train up Neil Armstrong. Right? Definitely the goal for going going know what you're gonna say when you come out there. Yeah. I was thinking of just saying that I'm on the video. It's made of cheese that say that what about I've noticed that you've got little legs, right but mankind straightforward. Well, can I put that I was just gonna say that on the mood is great. Yeah go on. Anyway, basically got back. They sorted him out with a nice pension. He was happy because of like the rank that you
#OFFSET: 3593
Unknown:  It was like, you know, I had loads of metals and stuff. They write or make him a colonel you got you got a pension. I was the end. He died in 1969. He was back buried with his wife passed away. I'm sure I'm sure it just goes on to a different website about telling me different Buzz Aldrin. Yeah, is Pages missing? Oh, dear.
#OFFSET: 3621
Unknown:  So well that Carl I'm if someone could call in did they train like of the dog to sort of like, you know dark Andre everybody that did he like they didn't even bother. Well, they bring they just sent him up there and that they did have time to bring it back next week. Yeah, that's it. That's brilliant. Well, I can do that. Yeah amazing. Yeah. Well think that Carl Robertson acts all right down a bit but the little monkey made a colonel hero big
#OFFSET: 3653
Unknown:  What was he in locks craft was in so I'm gonna look it was in Jupiter. Am yeah. Let me see that piece of paper. Yeah, I can guarantee. There's nothing there about is is training other than let's hope he's not sick on the control panel when we shoot him above 400. He's oh dear. I love the fact that you think that this monkey was a height do not mean
#OFFSET: 3682
Unknown:  did you when you think of these things that listen among his face? Do you think that the Planet of the Apes like they're sort of talking sort of chimps and gorillas and they're they're in tunics on Horseback with snub-nosed rifles. What do you think of just a little monkey getting on with it? He knows his job. He knows who's got the button. This takes me back do ever 1965. I think it was gonna use him to train other DJs.
#OFFSET: 3712
Unknown:  Goodbye. Thanks Cheers Cheers.
Unknown: 
