#OFFSET: 4
Unknown: Translated 14 Faded by Red Hot Chili Peppers on Xfm 104.9 with Ricky Gervais. Stephen Merchant and Karl Pilkington for the last time. Yes, we said that before of course today hopes up. Yeah. Yeah. We had some highs and lows some laughs some Tears while you're concentrating audience me from the audience's. Yeah now before we get into that void get into talking about maybe some of the
#OFFSET: 30
Unknown:  High Jinks rehabs looking back looking forward as well. Yeah. I came in car was sitting at the data and see that unclogged eyes. I don't know. I didn't even bother talking about it. You know, I've never kept a diary keeping a diary will always get you into trouble and I said like I'm Frank, what did you say come?
#OFFSET: 59
Unknown:  The woman in the cupboard that's what he said to the woman in the cupboard Silo and save it save it. You never speak to Carla Fair save it all. I know when we're on the why he went but what did you do? What did she do except being a cupboard? What does he have to write about and I said, well, I thought you let you know I'm Frank. That's all I know about honest. There's no point pretending it. I know stuff. Yeah, right was it does everything you know that I'm Frank.
#OFFSET: 87
Unknown:  She was in a Cupboard you shouldn't do that. I wouldn't know about a seriously that's all I know about. Yeah, what did you do? We know about we know about are covered because of her book there we hang on what what in the bigger scheme of things while she in a Cupboard.
#OFFSET: 108
Unknown:  I don't know right I honestly don't know. You don't know anything else about Anne Frank beyond the fact that to poke you she was in a Cupboard or wash it on then you tell me why should I know more about me? I don't think she was in a Cupboard attic.
#OFFSET: 123
Unknown:  Hi-yah, she was hiding from the ideas. She's hiding from the Nazis for isn't that the first place two blocks of from the top down. They weren't specifically looking for Anne Frank. They won't go. Where is he? Bring her she gets that book out with the stop the but they were just looking generally.
#OFFSET: 152
Unknown:  She was I think she watches she was 34 inches. Yes hiding. She was Jewish and she was hiding this Napster damage as much of her family were having to hide ya helped by, you know friends non-jew in in a Cupboard and I mean, they're covered covers, you know and how long you know how long the cheek so tied up my phone. He was cool long after white bowl so she can got caught after all that. What do you mean so she even got caught we're talking about one of the great, you know humanist tragedies of our times and you're going she could
#OFFSET: 181
Unknown:  Even stay hidden. What do you mean? Did you get caught? No, I'm just saying like, you know, it's not a great tip. That is it gentleman. She didn't do it. Well she denied until I escaped the - people it's not time to win. I don't know anything about how we might be going down the some ground. That's a bit dodgy. I don't know enough about it, maybe special evening. All I was saying is Diaries, you know, what you do and for Ivy acceptance the you never kept a diary now, I can understand your fear that it might get discovered someone.
#OFFSET: 211
Unknown:  Read it find out. What about your inner secrets, of course look a thing like you as you tell everyone what you think about them? Yeah. Yeah, but yeah, there's it. There was the find a diamond go. Oh God. I can't believe it. Come on. Let my hair cut. Yeah. Yeah Karthik Karthik Talent like Dave Hill from Slade. Now as I was saying, uh, yeah. I told you that do you think their last though Diaries and that not the way a better time killer weren't that he was something to do at the end of the day whereas nowadays iPods and up.
#OFFSET: 242
Unknown:  They are fathers and Frank. Yeah menu from Sony. That'd be great. Wouldn't it? Hold a greatest hits who forget their lives are like that deep. I thought it was just like a, you know, either way it was logged in you Adrian mole type thing.
#OFFSET: 272
Unknown:  Jones for my favorite album of last year and I can't remember whether you own a bit of that playing some of our favorite songs. We've got a couple of requests. Oh, right. Yeah. I got one of my celebrity request Matt Lucas Velma Little Britain is listening. Oh, yeah. So this is your last show I said, yeah, and I said you wanted to play a record and it was your favorite group. Guess Matt Lucas his favorite group. Now remember him and Taylor are
#OFFSET: 297
Unknown:  New Darlings comedy an call their trendy everyone. Look there's a little bit and their comedy genes is they're only going to get bigger. What's his favorite group of all time It's Tricky 11:42 new Carl and the gas. There's gotta be something weird. And if you're saying this well, so our old old sub and then probably about as old as him don't actually know.
#OFFSET: 327
Unknown:  Oh Carl other guys other now, it's a what did you say ever?
#OFFSET: 333
Unknown:  Go down. Now, it's The Proclaimers The Proclaimers. Yeah, Haley and I know he's listening but it's the wrong with it, but I just can't imagine anyone getting that excited about them. I bet that's why he likes you because you are not really doing anything. Like it's like it's like the closest thing. He knows one of The Proclaimers likely miss my twin brother. Yeah is gonna have a field day with me. Yeah, so I was honest I said, I can't pay the comers, but we've
#OFFSET: 363
Unknown:  What words they can find out when you Remember The Proclaimers particularly from when I was holding me give you a little blast. Okay balloon and Italy but in two-part Harmony, of course, that was that that was the main thing very popular for awhile with me. I think I had sort of three big hits in till that night. You know, you set one was it? Yeah, I forget I is Scott if they did sing in Scottish accent, which I thought was quite refreshing because I have a fake American thing know that that was that was good. Yeah.
#OFFSET: 392
Unknown:  But I can't I just can't imagine sort of feeling that when a woman I'd be in the mood to ponder Proclaimers record. Where do you find out of cranky stuff? That's okay. So yeah, if I if you play do you crank is records. Yes, it's album. Yeah pop on The Proclaimers now we were talking before the break about Anne Frank in her cupboard. Yes. Yes now I still a little bit concerned. That car's not quite get his head around and Frank's diary. It's not like it's children's book. It's not like the lion and Frank and the Wardrobe. He's not just a fantasy land when she
#OFFSET: 422
Unknown:  Into the attic. I'm just glad the Old Mother Hubbard didn't help the Nazis because that's the first place. Yeah, isn't it? But now it has grown we've we've got over and over he thinks he knows where she is. Yeah. She's going straight there. I think Hubbard. It's not a I just briefly mentioned Hubbard. Never know how far it goes to the cover to get I can't remember exactly poor dog a bone goes to cat dog bird dog a bone, but when she got there because of the cupboards are bare. And so the poor dog had none. Is there more to that?
#OFFSET: 452
Unknown:  Then I because that's what I remember is them Is there further versus that? She finally get a boner she gone into effect really the second versus then she looked in the fridge and realize that's where she kept the phone just so the dog was laughing. No, there is another verse not that's all of it. I think so often they want to cover to get up our own when she got there. The cupboard was Bare and so the poor dog had none. No, I think that's the end of it. I think it's adorable. Well, if you got if you got a dog keep some bones in the cupboard, right because I always have even as a kid, I remember thinking that it's
#OFFSET: 482
Unknown:  Tragic so of picture they pay I imagine maybe she's lost it or isn't it? It's that's amazing. She always wondered whether perhaps she's had a nervous breakdown. Maybe her husband's died recently. She's just not got any food. You know, she she doesn't really know what's going on the dogs yapping away. Eventually. She kind of wakes out of this kind of depressed stupid. She goes to cover there's nothing there. It's just a really depressing more bid. So I don't know if maybe it's originated from something in history. I know that Jack and Jill went up the hill they fell down again and don't worry about illicit lovers that's apparently based on that obviously ringa ringa.
#OFFSET: 512
Unknown:  Rosie's if they back to plague times, so how about Hubbard hunt? Does he not so sure about this? I this is a as a kid thinking what at what point was it decided that Humpty Dumpty was a giant egg man. No because there's nothing in the engine roaring. There's no actually it's not empty done. It's not at all and my concern is more if I mean his parents were a little bit cruel because if you are called No Dumpty,
#OFFSET: 543
Unknown:  Sighs sorry. Yeah, don't call your firstborn Humpty. Yeah, because it straight away. It's really embarrassing videos go in there. I don't know what I'm just gonna want to hang out all the time. It's not it as well solve it and also I don't mean to be today because I know it's a lie, I think but I don't need to be pedantic again. But if you go if you've got a giant egg man, and he's fallen to bits, you know All the King's Men find there are they can piece that together again don't send horses in now because that's just a whole egg.
#OFFSET: 572
Unknown:  He wants a mattress and it's just gonna make it worse. It's not but again, maybe I'm sure some of the you know, the language it was if it was is it prelims carrying on if it's Lewis Carroll, it just came with illustration. I get some it gave it to someone to illustrate ago illustrative tempting as we made him an egg an egg with eyes and a face. Yeah, most of them all of that is if if you're fragile doing if you're an enormous get down from the wall. I'll be fine.
#OFFSET: 603
Unknown:  Because I'll tell you what, let me know many things happened. Yeah, finally, I don't know Carl. What was your favorite nursery rhyme when you were growing up? I didn't really do that much reading the kid needs. Are you surprised me joking ones? What's the one with loads of people in a bed? What's that one? Oh, there was one of the best little one said roll over ya know that cuz that's not really even got a story to it. That's gonna hold on though. I stopped be there. It doesn't even say people it says there was ten in the bed and the little one little one it could it could be
#OFFSET: 632
Unknown:  be anything. I don't know what they are roll over and they all rolled over and one fell out. There was nine in the bed and that one said roll over. Where is the little one in my don't know but I'm worse than that. What has he got over the other night? You can demand they roll out the bed and why is there one getting back in? Yeah, there's a lot on the floor in now. I don't know. How does our end as well. What - where's that going? He goes out. There was one of the bed and the little one said again. He just says presumed extend himself roller. Yeah. There was one event was over.
#OFFSET: 662
Unknown:  Like so he rolled over and one fell out. That's him. That's him. There was none in the bed and the little one said roll over. So now he's calling the shots presumably live. By the way. They're just still rolling. I don't know. I don't know Carl. We gotta look into this if anyone knows why Dumpty was an egg if cupboard that eventually found a dog a bone. And what was the little one doing? What was a little what the little one think he was doing for God's sake you saw me dad blusher. He was telling me about one about a
#OFFSET: 692
Unknown:  Larry's got some clothes you can see through.
#OFFSET: 695
Unknown:  Well that one you know the Indian Wells. Yeah, what's what's that one about this is genuinely good little Parable. Yeah, because it's it's it's now used for people who are scared to sort of slag something off because it's it's sort of like really cool and that and I don't want to be the one that that shouts it and then one person goes hold on very very easy, very very briefly. The king wants a new clothes right? He's a king has used to make sure you close Roseville countries as I don't I don't know that nine trusting enough one guy is just a bit of a con OSD comes long ago.
#OFFSET: 725
Unknown:  I've made you this magic suit look and it's nothing is visible the king puts on nothing because there is nothing but thinks there's something because you know, he wants to buy into it and it goes it's the finest ichigo's look at it. Can you see it now? They're set only a genius can see how good this suit is and the King goes. Yes. Brilliant. Brilliant. Yeah, it's great and he goes out and just is it a woman or a little girl. Everyone's applauding they're going you look great, even though he's tackled hanging out. He's you know, he's nothing even though he's got a king size. So I like bit of meat and two veg warbling dragging down the street.
#OFFSET: 755
Unknown:  Exactly and then one little boy goes, you know, where anything the king is in the altogether the all together and I won it's all did anyone else by one I was okay play-by-play record called paracord. Can't just buy some cheese.
#OFFSET: 775
Unknown:  Travis Roy to meet you on Xfm 104.9 right couple of emails here trying to respond to our requests for a nursery rhyme related information. I'll go on Nicky Williams says that shoot infant school and share the nursery rhyme book and the book in the book and this may again may just be the illustrations but pairing the ten in the bed in there were small baby monkeys, but you'll be Lovin Carl. But so again, I'd I suspect that might just be the illustrator so I never had the book.
#OFFSET: 801
Unknown:  And my my brother it was older than me. I was about five so he was about 16 and I'm behaving his mate just absolutely cracking up because it said up Jack got and and up Jack got and home did Trot as fast as he could Caper he went to bed and bandaged his knob and OB with vinegar and brown paper. I've since found out the knob is like the old English forehead, but I didn't know why they were laughing cause there were just cracking up this this one.
#OFFSET: 830
Unknown:  But whatever what makes both grunting he got situation this one book and they drink the term. Yeah, and it was just funny thing in the world. He has the brown paper and vinegar was a popular method because I didn't Jack and Jill you sir, they use something similar that I was talking to you. I was talking. Yeah, that's Jack when he broke his crown which obviously oh that means his head as well. Doesn't it?
#OFFSET: 849
Unknown:  Yeah, so he's fractured his skull on a saw like an outcrop of rock. Yeah, and then I still use the brown paper vinegar. I don't think it is. I don't know maybe Manchester they're still yeah tracing John Burton say that they reckon a country Dumpty was actually a cannon that used to sit on the walls of the castle in Colchester where they'll at that make sense. Yeah, that would make up on the wall. I'm grateful. He's when I couldn't but I'm together and sew it. Oh, I broke the cannon oilmen.
#OFFSET: 878
Unknown:  Exploded maybe telephone apart because people used to get blown up by cannons. Just doing it wrong didn't I sure which is a hoist by your own petard right where that comes from right running back and blown up in your face. So that makes a lot more sense. He would want to send to the King's Men then. Yeah, and that was all just came along. Anyway, that was that was quicker quick King's Men. They took about three minutes with all his own. So yeah, so we've got to the bottom of that sea the educational Carl see this is real education.
#OFFSET: 908
Unknown:  You know, I've got a bit of ego know what at what Humpty Dumpty. Yeah, it's got a little bit heavy. Let me try and less dumb it down a little bit what you want to do Mary Mary Quite Contrary was in rock Buster's in a bit. Hang on a minute what before you even get to rock Buster's? Oh man alive. There are loads more verses told Mother Hubbard are there I'm going to digest these while we play the ads and I'll see if there's any Salient information. I can give you after brilliant de lys, Lon.
#OFFSET: 938
Unknown:  I'm coming on Xfm. Wonderful .9 J GI Steve mechanical books. And for the last time except I'm wonderful .99 we've established the Hubbard went to the cupboard Rick can't get the dog bone cup was empty. Yeah, as we all know that a dolly now the end the story said the dog did nominate no. No what appears to be like 15 other Versa not really unbelievable not going to go through all of them RIP by adding any any basic animation based on taste away that the dog that dog initially had none.
#OFFSET: 968
Unknown:  She went to the baker's to buy him some bread when she came back. The poor dog was dead. Right? You're pretty upset about that. She went to the join us to buy him a coffin when she came back. The poor dog was laughing. I don't know what he's up to. She took a clean dish to get him some tripe and but when he came back when she came back, he was smoking a pipe. I mean I got so the dog was winding up there. They're gonna be his dad. He's pushing his luck. Especially she's already depressed but a jail if I was that dog,
#OFFSET: 999
Unknown:  And I live with our Mother Hubbard, right all that faffing around. I've got I know there's no bones in the cupboard. He's right. What do you mean? You're gonna get me some bread on the dog? Yeah. I don't let interesting bread. Get get me some hamburgers. Yeah, so I'd start why I think I'd start whining, you know that she went to the our house to get him some beer when she came back the dog sat in a chair. See either said the dog had turned queer. He might also get a little you know, he smoked a smoking a pipe. He's having a laugh.
#OFFSET: 1028
Unknown:  I'm beginning to wonder then I use then I'm beginning to wonder if this is based on fact though in any way because she went to the grocery store buying some fruit when she came back. He was playing the flute. He's gay. No it is the flu. It's not under there. Now this I didn't even know there was a goat involved. She went to the Tailor's to find the coat when she came back. He was riding the goat. Yeah. There you go. Dirty little are what she weighs a hat. Well, he went to the hatter Survivor hat when she came back. He was feeding the cat.
#OFFSET: 1060
Unknown:  I can't believe it. So I'm thinking the pipes are crack pipe. Hang on a minute. Hang on to make you I think the gay things beginning to stand up God. She went to The Barbers to Bible the Bible wig when she came back. He was saying frigg it's dancing a jig to go. This is a this is a bit left over and then she went to the Cobblers to buy some shoes.
#OFFSET: 1090
Unknown:  The Cobblers to buy some shoes when she came back you never gonna believe this but it was reading the news he went to the seamstress to buy him some linen again. Don't know why when she came back the dog was a spinning. Yeah. She went to the Hoosiers to buy him some hose when she came back. He was dressing is closed. This is this is the big payoff that we've been building to but they made a coat
#OFFSET: 1118
Unknown:  The dog made about the Danes head your servant the dog says Bow-Wow.
#OFFSET: 1124
Unknown:  Right. I mean okay. I you know, I'm going to probably do a few more verses I'll do in the next class the course of the show. Yeah, we should before we move on. I should just say that we've had various people saying what was in the bed and what was the final line of the bed? Yeah thing what does it take care of this extraordinary? Isn't it? We talk about politics in the past when you see we play great songs. Yeah. We got monkey news coming up talking about politics, but Danny's said that apparently it ends with one in the bed little one said good night.
#OFFSET: 1154
Unknown:  Because it was a Raphael has a lot of his mates piled on the floor repave account. Is that by saying actually one of the bed little one said come back? Did you felt lonely?
#OFFSET: 1165
Unknown:  So in everything I do I don't know if this is the same as the Kennedy thing is that we don't know what's going on. They Jimmy Webb be going on.
#OFFSET: 1185
Unknown:  Jimmy Webb Galveston fantastic version on xfn 104.9, you know what Stephen either I know, you know people going to miss the talk about a little Chinese Fellers little gay fellow has little monkey fellows and all that, but I'm going to make some great Tunes as well. I would hurt I'd hope so she went to the jeweler's to buy him a clock but when she got back obviously I can a choc-ice the tacos.
#OFFSET: 1212
Unknown:  So fine respectable. Yeah. Yeah, I sort of feel like, you know, one thing we've never done because we never panned it to people but as it's the last show, we've got to give the audience what they want but what's this? Well, yeah, I was gonna say things they don't want as well, you know, and what they expected to keep a smile on Carl's face. Yeah. I say a smile sort of not quite a scowl. Yeah, you never really Smiles. So yeah, it's just brilliant as a chance for him to have a go. It's like, you know, you indulge ER and annoying child. Um, Carla
#OFFSET: 1241
Unknown:  laughs is for no apparent reason. Yeah.
#OFFSET: 1245
Unknown:  What do you think? I'm doing? Well, it seems I should go and I know you'll be thinking of what a monkey could do. Yeah, it's like it's like people who had electroshock then tied down by you know by on a big leather pad. I let me just tell you briefly what the prices are. It's a number exact piece of shit mediocre CDs and DVDs. That is real. Mainly what about this is the Lord of the Rings Collector's Edition all the movies you thinking no, it's the radio for it.
#OFFSET: 1274
Unknown:  Haitian it's only 14 hours long Rick do that is through that way. Pop it pop it in the bin or send it to some poor bastard. Who wins this quiz if you're willing to take part in the quiz, you deserve 14 hours. You've already wasted with that talking trait. So right here, what are the clues then Carl right as always just you know cryptic clues that initials of abandon our its work out when the when the stuff
#OFFSET: 1304
Unknown:  He might only yeah, okeydoke gervase likes of am not good at UK first clue is as follows, but the dragon fellow wrote a review or pronounce the word slightly differently. Did you make him fella wrote a review for Phoenix nights?
#OFFSET: 1334
Unknown:  Fine. Yeah, BC is on the initial D CD Derek. Yeah, please see the Jamaican fellow wrote a review for Phoenix nights. That's the first one second one three of them. Second one is a we should all vote for Paul Daniels David Blaine Copperfield. The Great's of friend. Oh Tommy Cooper and Derren Brown should all vote for them. Why is that? What was just got the first one EF? Yes. Yes, okay.
#OFFSET: 1364
Unknown:  Okay, and the last one?
#OFFSET: 1367
Unknown:  Steve what did he do?
#OFFSET: 1370
Unknown:  Steve what did my dad do what did you have to say? Is that the question are you asking me? Well, Ricky. What are you that do can work on anyone you don't they aren't? All right. That's a right.
#OFFSET: 1382
Unknown:  What about do quickly die again? The Jedi can fella review for Phoenix Night's Alright the see second one. We should all vote for Paul Daniels David Blaine. Yeah, I feel great about now, but that's important. All right. Yes, and the last one, you know, Steve. What did your dad do? All right initial a rhythm dr. Vase at XF m dot u k we don't want to speak to you. Please don't phone up remember you could win some all of the Rings our tribe.
#OFFSET: 1413
Unknown:  more on exercise last Rock posters ever
#OFFSET: 1428
Unknown:  Thankfully more diversion of I'm easy on Xfm. Wonderful point nine which makes Tea Merchant Karl Pilkington Rick. We have the last time we we've only really got three topics of discussion on the show. I think you'd agree with that little Chinese fellows little Chinese friends monkeys monkeys and the guys. Okay people. Yeah. We're hoping to cover all those subjects today monkey needs is coming later. I'm sure we can find something to discuss about gay people but some days we don't think eyes.
#OFFSET: 1453
Unknown:  Suppose you told all his descendants. Yeah big-time big-time become I think it went over. This is something that Scott sent through to us. I'm not quite sure who by but thinking about for it. It's a story that was in the The Press reason. I'm going to give you the headline. I think give away too much. I think Kyle you'll be protecting trees in it a farmer in Eastern China. We got basically paid 1,300 pounds or the Chinese equivalent to marry the woman and basically she refused to sleep with him after the webbing wedding complaining that she felt unwell.
#OFFSET: 1482
Unknown:  Six days after the ceremony she tried to run away but the farmer followed her they found her in some neighboring town. They grappled together. The bogus bride's false breasts fell off and he's art show in Chinese this time and it was it was a man.
#OFFSET: 1504
Unknown:  Apparently it was an arranged marriage. I don't know sort that out. Did he get his money back? I think you like many cheaper than women to marry in China they do this. But um, you mean you've gotta be probably pretty simple not to realize that the person you're marrying sir a bloke surely will know it if you didn't if he didn't have a little look what was you know in the back of the story just saw the shop windows or lovely lovely little Chinese lady there. Yeah, right, you know that lovely hair real breasts. Well, I'm down there says lumps where
#OFFSET: 1534
Unknown:  Fresh should be why can't you see they are breath Yeah by I mean, you know, you see them walking around going what they breasts or they you know, steading sort of great folks out. There have been a lot of me wouldn't be a quite a sort of long initiation period when they arrived it was able to do since I'm not be putting money down he came and they said what I want a bird quickly as a grand sure get me one. They're not going to say you want real breasts or legs going to assume sure. It is one. Yeah Chinese but who are you hanging? Where is he buying this woman from the okay?
#OFFSET: 1564
Unknown:  He's a tea shop. Yeah sure. So when I joined the family, so yeah, not really a town not exactly a time or novelty Street and the roads are very slippery. Very sticky. I tell you what though. Well, I was looking at my menus on as walking on they don't waste anything today. Why doc stung on the menu dog's tongue the Turks tongue. Really you sure that wasn't the proprietor.
#OFFSET: 1600
Unknown:  Coldplay warning sign X FM 14.9 Carnival. What is it? What is it? Right, right. Okay. What am I doing to it is a minute. Yeah, and what's happening to it?
#OFFSET: 1614
Unknown:  It's gone up a bit Yeah, would you kiss it for her? Clit? He's like just discussing why I think I read this a feature on woken. I'm not sure Christy car. I'm intrigued to know how much would you yeah, you take this Ricky's nipple. It's okay. I'll lick it on in that just that just some little five grand because my nipple but if you do it for five you do it for one a thousand pounds cash to kiss my nipple.
#OFFSET: 1645
Unknown:  A thousand pound his my nipple. Come on. It's the last show mm if you had the money there and like if you had it there, I might do it for what not doing it five hundred quid. No, it's not taking it down. Well, what's happening to the ground to Grant it? So so you've gone down from five to two straight away. Look, let's see. What did you think? I'd like to see you kisses. Never mind - is it so Steve wants and I want it that's gender once a democracy. They show magic.
#OFFSET: 1674
Unknown:  Kane with you or email if you'd like to see or rather here is Ricky's hell for 2,000. Come on, by the way, what are you looking at? You didn't have to look at that.
#OFFSET: 1702
Unknown:  Doing all right. This is one of three tricky stuff and just give him some headlines the sorties him into what's going on this week that you might want to know about it going. Is that important ants were there's a way where there's a will there's a way okay, that was not sucking mints Hook Line & good thinkers.
#OFFSET: 1733
Unknown:  Yeah, okay with you later. I love the is that important what you want you want to do it now, I'll show you come on come on, you know, I don't like uh knees why? Okay, so I should just point out to people that as far as College convinced the stories that he's about to relay are absolutely 100% true. Yeah, you be the judge of what they see is what you like them.
#OFFSET: 1761
Unknown:  So you for just don't sort of annoys me that animals named after I eat.
#OFFSET: 1769
Unknown:  You didn't choose it. There's nothing else. I can be cold. It's like oh, what's it doing to know? What's he eating? See? I'm throwing this call and I'm here not good enough. But why are you annoyed at it though? But someone else calling being lazy. He's obviously doesn't do anything else don't mean but what what do you want to go the chartered surveyor have a just a proper name? That's a proper name.
#OFFSET: 1793
Unknown:  I'm just saying but tell me Hannibal this is profiting did Beaver that's pretty good. Why is that from the name? It doesn't matter. Anyway, that's that. I don't understand what they're like you you and I understand. What is thought process is gone, right? Okay, that is because they just eat ads and that's what the named after God. You know that.
#OFFSET: 1824
Unknown:  Can stick its tongue in and out hundred and sixty times in a minute.
#OFFSET: 1831
Unknown:  No, I didn't hear that.
#OFFSET: 1834
Unknown:  All right. Okay. Okay. It's rubbish. Thanks. Now. What do you think? That's good guys are the ones you mean so-called nourishment Warrior what you mean? Do I think that's good? What compared to what?
#OFFSET: 1848
Unknown:  He's our I read it and thought so what so it's interesting what we think is so what is well sexy still put it down the some interesting to tell me. No, but it's a fact that that is meant to be amazing. I think maybe 400 148 last night in a minute. All right. Oh, there's my hippo Only Could you do if you're if it meant you had to touch me nipple again dim thousand pounds.
#OFFSET: 1879
Unknown:  I need a microphone 14.9 we do talk twaddle. Oh, I mean it. I don't know why we haven't got compact Lambda any complaints a way that it's never one. No one listening now. I must be that because Kilroy is probably a big Chinese this all over the place for Tino is mind you eat dinner. I'd be annoyed if he said that about me. Yeah, it's gotta be careful who annoys because he will
#OFFSET: 1904
Unknown:  No, I'm going to move him. So Gnostic Jermaine is Satan. Is he still on the Run? No, no, he's out of others in him twice and he's out all the time now about his flat two picks title. There's not neat when he was living with 400 CIA people in the hell, if you remember we went into hiding I think his mid eighties. I can remember exactly is wrong inside and he's in there hiding basically surrounded by security guards confined to his flat for about 10 years or some other thoughts. Oh, yeah. Have you ever seen a picture of his message?
#OFFSET: 1935
Unknown:  Yeah the annoyed. Well, I mean man alive. She's like I thought since she's like a former Miss India or something stunning. Yeah, you should have a true. He might be a great man and a talented writer and an intellectual fell out but Jesus do something with the beard was yeah, but he's busy any what is busy right and 70 parlor when he was just basically in there in his flat. I don't know.
#OFFSET: 1964
Unknown:  I just got to know him and then there she kept saying send a picture you gave no, I'm not gonna be to come out. Yeah read some of the books they're brilliant. They're brilliancy of while. Yeah. Now I'm in love with you a similar one another and also, you know, he's going got my own place. They say yeah. I've got a few stuff hanging around don't lie. Don't worry about it. I mean a lot. I'll tell you something else that annoy you yeah, Stephen Hawking not only married, but damn Turf is nasty strawberries in it. So he's pulling
#OFFSET: 1991
Unknown:  Left right and Center. Well, you know if it's true that I you know, I mean so much now but years ago, I was not the ladies man, but you are now he won't sorts of answers kz1 exactly. When the James Bond type that you've I was watching fond of t v comma comma y of a car when he first met about three years ago. What do you think just an odd coming from him? I know. Yeah, but I'll tell you what I used to read and I meet you're talking of you. Remember there is that story and it was a world record breaking attempt.
#OFFSET: 2021
Unknown:  There was a bloke I think it was up in a car park in a pub car park out of leads or snow Mansfield in the car by myself and he broke the record for being buried alive being buried alive. I mean and he was literally in a casket like it not David Blaine out in the lovely and Charming with Bloods Jonathan Ross waving to you. Yeah, no none that Paul McCartney Toyota. Yeah. I mean he was buried alive in the dark with just a tube yet for communication. My team order is very like 10 feet underground are there's a tube which they people would communicate in sin.
#OFFSET: 2052
Unknown:  More down and I remember reading the store I kept I was interesting. I remember reading it and there was one element the story you think there's a cheap holiday, but the only thing those prices for a liquid whole Seasons having a half that's nothing Mansfield car park and there was another it said in this in the news report. It said that while he was down in the ground. He began and ended a relationship with a woman while he was down there some fan who was a fan of what he was doing. He started communicating with the through the tube. They typically I don't know the ins and outs of it, but they
#OFFSET: 2081
Unknown:  Began a relationship and it ended and Isis. I remember thinking, you know when you read that there's a man. How did it end? But once you guys that this isn't working. Yeah, that's twice. You've stood me up. Yeah. Well, um, I can't get out come on, but I remember thinking at the time, you know, I was inside I was not the sort of the ladies man that I am now a member at the time reading it and thinking there's a bloke, you know, he's pulling women 10 feet underground through a tube through a tube. I'm out and about. Yeah with some of the most expensive
#OFFSET: 2111
Unknown:  Is it have products on the market? I've got sit down. Ask myself some very serious questions. Oh dear Jordan. I don't know if he did if he did the the world record is how I do if he broke it. I don't know how that happened. But good luck to I don't want you mean a whole low like a like what a proper thing or is he moving about I'll be you know, it was just that is I think it's just buried alive in a casket. I don't know just down there probably down his back. Maybe just waiting for little bit sort of water honey. Get out if you wanted to we a can take
#OFFSET: 2141
Unknown:  Can you get me out? It couldn't just leave and then come back those pizzas 110 then know they've buried them saying well, we better go back in a couple of weeks. He how he's doing what you mean. Someone's their course. There's someone there Norris might work for one. I'd imagine going three days. Just looking more to go and why is it always hope is alive Russell nice. I think it's Norris. What's that noise me about all this sort of, you know.
#OFFSET: 2168
Unknown:  Okay, no one in a box and a lot of people going on. That's that's good. I mean if he was doing something when he was down there making some little whatever you go ask that's quite clever, but I don't understand all the fuss about I don't people just making a fuss about things that are not clever these days. It's just yeah. I ain't I don't really be Anne Frank's record. No, I think she's got the record and she did so much about a book it so you must be you must think that she's pretty good then. Yeah, but at least she did something. Yeah. Yeah. That's why I'm saying that's what that's what I mean. There's some fun.
#OFFSET: 2199
Unknown:  About a woman who's going up Everest on a bike. Someone's walked it that's harder than going on a bike that it's not because it is causes not Casa is the luckiest riding about on the bikes better than walking everywhere, even though I feel
#OFFSET: 2217
Unknown:  Well, no don't be mean why do people get off their bike and walk up a hill?
#OFFSET: 2224
Unknown:  You don't always I see people know but why do they when people are going uphill on the by but they get off first by saying that what what why is that because it's do you think is because it's harder. They know I tell you what, this would be a lot easier on the boat while tell you I will challenge I got from walk on this hill you do please clap for a nut when someone's in London marathon in the car I can go and clap them because that's just the same for as far as I'm concerned. It's not hard.
#OFFSET: 2250
Unknown:  Tyra code in blue
#OFFSET: 2263
Unknown:  So alive Ryan Adams on Xfm 104.9 Ricky Gervais Stephen Merchant and Karl Pilkington for the last time. Well, you might be some other stuff later. Oh, yeah, I mean in fear for a while because we won't be around for ya foreseeable future better things for do being a fish tail when you got your music show a little do make sure we're good.
#OFFSET: 2288
Unknown:  Other radio stations is more just this I think we just got enough energy left for the last 35 minutes. Yeah, we've given them a lot Steve. We've given them a lot of coming here week in week out every Saturday never late. We've always given them, you know, 30% ever really great work of God. Yeah that I did that start people going. You've got to give a hundred and ten percent. Yeah. I see it's my heart sinks 900 Isaiah You've Gotta Give Hunters. Like I can't like I give a table.
#OFFSET: 2318
Unknown:  I probably let him give a hundred because ever know but I'll give his clothes 200 as I can stand. Yeah, that's that's all I'm that's not a drill sergeant. Yeah only give nearly a hundred and that's you know, that's more than more than most. I think you'll find maybe if you appear on Celebrity Factor. Well, I don't even need to do the college thing. I need to go on that. Hmm when you had your nipple out it was it was pointing downwards with that little bit even though it was erect. It was pointing toward a my knees. Can I just point out that we've
#OFFSET: 2348
Unknown:  More requests for Carl to kiss your nipple then we have ancestor of Buster's ain't gonna happen is what they want in the webcam and just a little Peck a little peck on the nip a little little Bear is just out of order The Show Must Go On you've got to give people what they want doing it, right? Why not what's wrong with it? Some people what's up with its on nibble you hear about stuff like this and then like I might enjoy it and the next thing is like Suzanne. Can you leave because you don't mean I like fellas
#OFFSET: 2378
Unknown:  Has this Pilkington but the key thing the show on at the same time. So have a different name different host. Hello Pilkington. Come on. Hello. Welcome to Pilkington. I'll Kyle would what would you do if we give it something where you just run through what you might say about your what questions are just all sorts of. Okay, so it's like I'm okay.
#OFFSET: 2408
Unknown:  Steve Steve some 15. I'm 15 and my dad wants to have a sex change to our play the dad, right? Okay, I'm Jeff and I'm Jeff from Luton. I'm 54 year old plumber and I'm deciding this is my this is my son Paul. He's totally poor people. Okay, so ask me some questions. So what what's what's going on? Well, I'm just I'm not happy with this body.
#OFFSET: 2437
Unknown:  ADI and I've always felt that I was a woman trapped in a man's body. Okay? Yeah. Yeah, and I just I just I just feel I think I'd be happier as a woman and you know, it's it's for him to accept it really because I've accepted anything that he wanted to do or you know and doesn't change nothing honey. No, I know but I mean it won't change anything. I you know, I still love you and I'll still be your father. I can't believe I agreed to come on national TV. I'm going to get that immediate school. I Really Wanna Live Well, you know that we gotta go so lots of stuff but
#OFFSET: 2468
Unknown:  In don't think many different. What does Mom think of all this? Well mum doesn't she doesn't want it really but I mean shit I'm not I'm not going to throw away the knob and bollocks. I wanna keep that fair in case she ever wants to use that but I just I just don't want to attach to me. I'm gonna have their math on absolutely pad take to put on and a nice little means down there, but it doesn't but I'm not been I still fancy I still fancy when my wife and that and you know, thanks for coming in today.
#OFFSET: 2500
Unknown:  That's your audition for Pilkington. Well, what can I say? I'm not a doctor. All right, but what would you look for you're doing that? Yeah, but if I'm not happy with who I am, how can I live a lie? I'd go through my whole life living a lie, just because he might go through a little bit of embarrassment.
#OFFSET: 2528
Unknown:  You know, he's old enough to realize now that I know I love him and I just I just need to I just I just need to have some text and I mean John me. Well, thanks for coming in Christ of my e what what what what I call it. Anyway, my dad's always being asked to go on that always be an asshole to on.
#OFFSET: 2558
Unknown:  Is he is he a woman trapped in a man's know they want to talk about you. There is a point in going Buster's right? All right. First clue was Jamaican fella review for Phoenix nights. Yeah, that was a cryptic clue the initials were DC. What is it? Do I know you tell me it's just Define comedy. All right. Yeah, fine comedy said Divine Comedy All right, so that their lunches.
#OFFSET: 2588
Unknown:  Again, it's just Divine Comedy. You've got the answer. Let's move on to do vote for Paul Daniels David Blaine. Copperfield greats a friend. Oh Tommy Cooper and Derren Brown. Why is that? Yes were the initials alack trick 6, right what electric sex it work? So don't say like that will be six people. I do tricks. Not right I'm saying we should vote for
#OFFSET: 2617
Unknown:  Um, so you elect and yet he said he'd lick like you let Electric Six lower legs though elected that elects not a word and the last one Alexa word in lactoferrin. Alec deer is not a lame party. Not only do I like part 1 third 1 Steve. What did your dad do? I don't know that was a for work for anyone. I didn't have to be Steve that was Erasure right Eurasia, and I doesn't work like that doesn't work. Either now doesn't work.
#OFFSET: 2647
Unknown:  It doesn't work. He was the winner. None of them work never work another pile of crap from the here for the mind a little stupid. Give the prices little I'm going to give the project to Martyn Williams from the ensure. The worst thing sure is he says that he's a promise to listen to the Lord the ring and by listen, you mean sell them on eBay. Yeah. Thanks for coming in the end of rock clusters from the stupid of shitty. Brain. I'm gonna say
#OFFSET: 2677
Unknown:  a of Pilkington
#OFFSET: 2687
Unknown:  Possibly my favorite song of all time after the Gold Rush when they're young and that's for M cars look alike Boyd his a that's the on just Anaconda show after us not five. Not really look like it is not a ball that Gandhi.
#OFFSET: 2711
Unknown:  The toga readers a little bit and I think Andy War toga, so what are you what are you do? Oh dear. All right guys car involved didn't do much to said that's not a down have a go just be careful that man told and start fighting in this tall calm down a little bit. He's the one in the part that goes. Okay. Stop this stop looking around. We were educating Ricky earlier Carlo and if we should resume that as the
#OFFSET: 2739
Unknown:  Clock is ticking away. All right, you've got two bits of info that could be leaving the building with today. Right? You've got were there's a will there's a way yeah, that one there's Brian Ellis drug or tablet or smart things like an eight year old woman kind of a kid. What do you think?
#OFFSET: 2768
Unknown:  That doesn't what about you can inject a woman with something eight-year-old and it means you know, she's got more time on our hands now and that it's better to have a kid. She can have a kid later on in life. This is really where this where there's a real. Yeah, very good. Very good. Well, let's just move on from that because he's clearly drivel. That's not I think it's bad idea. Of course the bad idea if it even if it I'll give you I'll even give you that it's true.
#OFFSET: 2797
Unknown:  True impossible in my even is truly impossible. Okay, it's not even recently. It's like a few few weeks old. Yeah. Okay. Well, it's terrible now you shouldn't do it. All right. What's the final educating Ricky so far? I'm not impressed. Get a cab out the aerial piketty's don't get it don't have a child. You always meant to get you thinking like like the same rush and other kid probably fives. You tried to Garner arms a break.
#OFFSET: 2820
Unknown:  These Arms the what's the next one? What she that breastfeed? Yeah. Yeah, and she be able to do it standing up while he was on the floor talking to me. That's okay. I think we should actually phone in and speak to Carla and try and convince. Oh, yeah. Yeah. What's the number of Steve? Oh, I don't know. Yeah, it sounds weird the record if you want to speak to coffee and then but Cody the triangle bits garlic is little nipple. Yeah.
#OFFSET: 2850
Unknown:  What we do and we educating Ricky. Come on Hook Line & good thinkers. Brilliant. Okay, sounds good going with it. The first final of fish we to ads when you think about well, what would it mean? If a lot of fish were to add to our steeping messing about basically these scientists and stuff and they've said look at this we can do and they making loads of fish we to out.
#OFFSET: 2880
Unknown:  It's not actually be can do it now on this own. That's good, gently.
#OFFSET: 2889
Unknown:  What do you think? I think they can do that to fish. I should try and do it to you and then it means you have two brains to work with. Yeah, and we love you. I love you arguing with yourself. And you know that just like you're walking on the street. We just add button, uh other just cracking it when I deliver greeting fun you'd have right wouldn't know what to do. I bandaged head it be that one of those kanakas. He's got a playground on the string. I just whacked them together. I ever the window didn't know to see what the noise man today. You know, what if I had to add right?
#OFFSET: 2917
Unknown:  Would I be able to sort of do shifts you don't mean save save this is a start of something to try it out with fishing that we to Ed's it be two different people you that you can't think like you're one. It doesn't make sense that you'd if you have two heads you'd have two brains you have. Yeah. Well, that's all right. We'll say if we did the same job. What would we be doing the same job? Yeah, you could so you could say right you work through the night, but you did but you'd both do take it in turns to do your job badly and moan about it. Yes, let me fine.
#OFFSET: 2948
Unknown:  Give it some serious. Thought I know yeah, and so those is other head but also the saying there's like a fish shortage and I was wondering whether they do in like the tribe make that better gentlemen. So as the as the head is a bit you throw away be perfect when they do a head count lightly do that's what they do. They do like they get this, right? Okay, just enter Line 1 to I think you're fine with Wonder don't answer that Rick. I should just put out but I feel so dogs are back.
#OFFSET: 2977
Unknown:  I think Carl has offered nothing now. It was educating Ricky's were appalling and the only thing the only thing that would redeem the Shadows you can say Nick let's go folks still go mad. Answer one just put us on at Kings of Leon California waited. It was Ruiz so rude to be for the phone up and they say old kiss is definitely going there and he and up on them one of us. Say to someone.
#OFFSET: 3008
Unknown:  Be nice to ever is be nice to them at least. Hello. Yeah, speak to Carl. What? Why don't you speak about that human monkey was on the other side old news man. How long have you been listening? We forget the monkeys what you think is nipples. Alright and just kiss kisses. No enter after 500 quid 80 would you? Yeah. Well, why what why do you want me to do it? Anyway, what are you getting out of that whole night violent squid birth? Yeah, but
#OFFSET: 3038
Unknown:  The money if you probably get more out of it if you want, it's not about the money forget things to silence. It seems Alex Newcomb and 500 to go. There you go. Just took his nipple. Turn 50 Quid each. Yes me more. It's not me. It's not me. It's like do you just cut him off? Then? There was another fellow there's that was that I wouldn't wonder what would make your daily Do-it Scholars. You give it a lick not just a clock.
#OFFSET: 3073
Unknown:  The kill on Xfm 14.9 pictures of you and it's Ricky Gervais Stephen Merchant and Karl Pilkington hosting the final show excite, which means the last film Quiz car puts himself in a film Claire's on that sweet by the way, and then other Sturgis, I'm Joe, but in terms of coming back, excellent, sir, excellent, Matt Lucas, Eddie - Oh, give me a call and maybe him and Dave Williams.
#OFFSET: 3097
Unknown:  - yeah, right. The film thing is when we get like a film and I'm in it. All right, so I'm doing those talks, you know a bit about gay fellows in that today. Yeah, so we do in when are in the Bowery? Okay. All right, and listen to this and then we'll be a question at the end and you can win some more stuff we got.
#OFFSET: 3127
Unknown:  doing some Mall shite Mo good to do some DVDs now the sure so when I met Barry White
#OFFSET: 3136
Unknown:  but if your hours to cover for your New York
#OFFSET: 3142
Unknown:  a few books just a killer that time on the journey.
#OFFSET: 3146
Unknown:  And I by no but I always read the last page first that way in case I die before I finish I Know How It Ends I wrote a book like that once not on purpose though. She stole the chaps has been put in the wrong order. So go to chapter one before I realized how you finish. Now I have another copy of it ready in lines are rotting so I could read this and then we're only staying in New York for a couple of days and we placed as me.
#OFFSET: 3176
Unknown:  Of it really stinks on ice it really did he say it's noisy.
#OFFSET: 3186
Unknown:  It's only the people who live there call at the city that never sleeps not surprised with all the noise. I couldn't agree more.
#OFFSET: 3195
Unknown:  Listen, I know you got in that right. What what is the attraction?
#OFFSET: 3201
Unknown:  With New York few lat. What does it is like the gay capital and earlier? They all love it. Even that Rod Stewart song Now That killing is Georgie. That was saying New York. Yes. It was. Well that song was about okay for a woman who moved to New York and it up getting beaten up not a great answer for the place. You keep going there. Actually, I know why you like it's because it's because it's the city that never sleeps in it. You look like going out late sort of.
#OFFSET: 3230
Unknown:  In your life are different timetable to everyone else. Are you finished now? I'll be fully I'm saying is don't think she'll live your life like that. Why not? Those are getting angry. Well, I think I'm entitled to throw a little angry your way. Especially when I'm being told how to live my life. You're right. He's your life. And that's what I'm saying. Don't be dragging me into it. Why would you know, I'm not gay so why did you buy me a bottle from your birthday not going to use it? What do you want me to do about I take it back? Okay, I take it back.
#OFFSET: 3264
Unknown:  What is spend the night in a motel? Well, why not cuz you okay, I'm straight. That's why why aren't you seeing anyone? Well you I'm seeing Suzanne again. We always boil for a few weeks and she had that funny are called. I made a lot like David last ladies grown again. That's what we didn't you want but forget that anyway don't want to share a bed with you again. After last time. Oh, jeez. What are we supposed to do? This is no my pullover.
#OFFSET: 3294
Unknown:  You're colder, but one thing straight interested.
#OFFSET: 3301
Unknown:  Excellent. So Karl Pilkington when I met Barry, let's see. What song was a talking about, you know? Yeah, we do. Yeah, we got some yeah, this will do all the song title. Yeah. Okay email only Ricky. Dr. Vayzosa XF m dot u k we can squeeze in a tune and then I hope watches the got how long is it three minutes so nice one. Brilliant.
#OFFSET: 3335
Unknown:  Let's run. I mean I am going to try and have some of our favorite tunes and after monkey news Justin Lee Collins. We going to leave you with one of our mutual favorite tracks of all time. We weren't sure what it is you are. So it's a surprise then Jeff Nicolas incident with little boy Dylan Carl's and twin brother the answer to Carl's quiz question Carl. What's question it?
#OFFSET: 3359
Unknown:  Was what was the song that was talking about in that? I met Barry with Billy Crystal the king of Georgie Steven Ferran from Essex wins another DVDs and stepped. All right. Well, this is the final One play the jingle. Oh chimpanzee that monkey news. Yeah, right. Well this one can use starry night. It's about this fella couple of fellows in Texas sort of running a running a farm.
#OFFSET: 3390
Unknown:  All right fellas. Well anyway, so they're outside getting the cattle and they turned around. All right says that cows come on monkeys walking about so here's what's going on. All right. So anyway, so Tim taxes, they don't know what to do with the monkeys. There isn't as though it's fairly Baron. There is only not much rain about so the other fellow who runs the farm with
#OFFSET: 3419
Unknown:  Look, we need a bit of a hand. All right, so let's teach him some stuff in the monkeys were happy with that because they were lost anyway, right so they had to do they were roaming around there looking for work. They've hired a motor home they'd yeah that way maybe it's like the Hulk out Bruce Banner one thing I'm gonna need some needs and what you and angrier right? So they thought Tom taught these monkeys out right off right now the both got so it is not going to pop up watching a video last night and it was a documentary but off
#OFFSET: 3449
Unknown:  a whole sea try lifting given like a little less Sue and I like don't talk shit Carl. It's going well, but it carried on for about two years this right? It wasn't like, you know rounding up the cattle over here. And so the to follow the chatting goes works out. Well what if there's a hostile takeover and they sort of load by up 51% of the shares of words for this to continue the monkeys are getting older bit. Now, we need we need a little warm woman monkey in a turtle get some kids going for like the future found people who are planning here.
#OFFSET: 3479
Unknown:  The ghetto wall among clay decided to only High marks mouth. Why not? It's working - whistling when it's not broke. All right, so they get they get the little woman monkey in the app kids and all that business. Right? But the problem was right when the first got the warmer monkey in it was like well, which one's going to have the one right? So there's that it sort of fight in a bit and what have you? Yeah, because it's seen the owners of the farm. Don't lie. Don't tell me the baby monkeys didn't want to go into the family business warm enough to be a lawyer. He had a bit of the shoe off.
#OFFSET: 3511
Unknown:  We got two monkeys, right and don't because it seemed the owners the teen the owners were guns - yeah, that's how that's how they sorted it out. And who won? I think it was George one called George Wright are there that I think had 17 kids the farm still running.
#OFFSET: 3532
Unknown:  So that's that's like the the last little monkey news. Her good looks like happy endings that one if you were to rub your nipple against his lips while I held him down I come off it come on. No, not the greatest things. You can check it out on the webcam.
