#OFFSET: 4
Unknown: One day. Mr. Ben phones. We've landed on next 9 Min today Steve Merchant and little Karl Pilkington and his magical little monkey round bald head. It was described as a wacky mank in that one of the papers this week really well. When were talking about last week about a came on to my house and I popped out my mr. Johnson children.
#OFFSET: 30
Unknown:  Take a look at these two at my door papers that made the paper. Wow, what what paper wasn't it wasn't for page of the time to has to be like the Daily Star or something to squeeze live a yeah. Say, yeah. There's a conveyor. Yeah, so wacky wacky mankind for some of the records. I remember you former body popping round Salford way. Yeah Echols Precinct. Apparently, you know, there wasn't doing it on that ground Stratford.
#OFFSET: 60
Unknown:  Set foot on the tail and what we do what's up buddy popping with it because of everything caterpillar but I mean walking. Do you have a little piece of liner you can write well mates have that are you there's there's really good. We got breakdancing where you won't fit on your head and stuff. You more body popping. Hello people have begun to take as you know, that can sort of do give you a brain damage and things I can give you brain of an outer can way and head down also makes head perfectly round. Yes gravity is pulling on if you keep on doing what she's gonna wear your hair out. Yeah, so you
#OFFSET: 90
Unknown:  Come and sort of like a stupid bald around he headed here. Yeah so very much doubt that you did. Do any of that. Did you come there any luck? So you shooting off him now? Well, yes because we were trying to make poverty history Carl. Yeah, people are making profit history over the place. They're putting on a wristband and it seems to be working because I've been poor for ages. I have a boyfriend Alex had a stop bullying. Alex was wearing a stop bullying responding as he himself said he EC
#OFFSET: 120
Unknown:  to sort that out. You haven't been at it for years. So wristbands wristbands work. I said when I'm in a shot with you today, which said stop child abuse and I bought one obviously because probably say, you know, does it make a difference but it was only queries and I don't you spend on kiddie porn series know I like the idea that it's Charlie's a paedophile and you're walking along the street and your Mac right? You gotta pee.
#OFFSET: 150
Unknown:  He won on the bag of sweets in the other and you see this responding to stop it. Okay? Yeah. All right before that, I think okay fair enough. Yeah. Well, I won't be doing that again. He was hanging around in Topshop. Unsavory reasons. He saw them in there from your quid car. We haven't got long up. We've got an hour, but you gotta shoot off. I gotta shoot off down to live a and then introduce r m. So we've got a lot to pack in. We've got the rock Busters and then we give away. I just saw those. I'll finish your sentence in a minute. I look
#OFFSET: 180
Unknown:  To it. I'm getting excited excited. So got so much to pack in. I've got time to finish all my so listen, right? Do you know the things we're giving away the signed little Homer the Nigel tufnell thing and the flanimals right looks brilliant. They've done a brilliant job the people who Xfm. So take back. All you were saying about them Kyle we should say as well. You've still got a chance to win that because if you get two days Rock Buster's you could straight into the Hat. Yeah, big drawers. Are you still got a chance to win all those top prizes play record put more.
#OFFSET: 210
Unknown:  Is yeah.
#OFFSET: 219
Unknown:  Because Pleasant Valley Sunday, so I come so I set about what if you heard it was a sort of description of you know, typical Suburbia wasn't it here in status symbol and it's a slide dig the monk when the monkeys get a bee in their Bonnet about something or you better not use on the receiving end of that. Yeah. Good song with a story like don't let me go Donatello.
#OFFSET: 247
Unknown:  Yeah. All right. Now is it is some pitiful as last week's where you somehow misheard that Eric Clapton song. What was that cabinet where it wonderful tonight and he was convinced. It was a republican wheelchair for no reason no evidence at all. I've been she's walking around with me. Yeah. Well, yeah walking around with me though into a room and everyone's head turns to look at her, but you didn't seem to help some Tibet is he's drunk there are few.
#OFFSET: 277
Unknown:  Never mind that we are totally wrong Big Data, although they do this cuz he there's lots going on and none of cars frame is frame, very important from the e champions live a pleasant. What's going on? I don't know what I am sick of it to be honest. Second of all just second reading about it. So callous live 8 thing soak it all pretty fed up with it. But what annoys you particular it's not only that today though. Is it on the way in today? All right sort of a fella on a diet.
#OFFSET: 307
Unknown:  A bike Russian. What's hundred gay March start. What time do they have to be? We look at me? I don't know. Nobody was it was rushing left it late had a late night again. So my points right about well, I suppose your point like this to people who just tuned in. Well the fact that the go out late so, you know that they sort of have a nice night out from about half-past eleven but running the genes that like the trousers anyway right in the back.
#OFFSET: 337
Unknown:  Travis's right. Let's see one stressed out rushing right on eraser. We're in our heels. I love you his 50s down. He's never he's getting angry. He's just angry. Okay father and you're um, you're proud to be gay. But you also want to make poverty history. You don't know what to do today do in relation all over the place seems a bit. But unfortunately they put them on the same day. Yeah, we may get you can get little
#OFFSET: 367
Unknown:  That would rather studied wristbands. We might have a history. So, you know you can you can you can join you both are kill two birds one stone. Yeah, but why'd you lie about stressing you out? It's probably a good cause you are so we know we only discuss this in Paris and you don't really know what you're talking about. But I mean, maybe that's the problem. I'm just I don't know. I mean I could I could have told them ages ago. That was no way that they were going to pay it back. I knew that was gonna happen. I love that, but they didn't consult you.
#OFFSET: 397
Unknown:  Did they when they were and out this money when he nearly two people who were dying. You could have a quiet word with them. All I'm saying is you know, I said to how Wilson out there. No, you're not gonna get this maknae. You are not going to get this back mate. When I want the mortgage on to supply three wage slips is what I'm saying. I was double checked out loads of times. I'd like to see you ever seen that guy Alvin Hall who gives Financial advice to perhaps teenagers are gonna spend their money wisely. All right, that's like
#OFFSET: 427
Unknown:  Some of these go with the bow tie. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I mean, yeah Cinema they're just sort of have a chat with them and say yeah make it make a list of what's going on. So he's basically a we be annoyed if they drop all day and double Aid and everything. No because I mean, you know people sometimes need help and I don't know you've got to help people out. But yeah, it's it's it's how many times is the thing that I mean let him off but but do I you know, I've got this monthly payment at the moment on a yeah. I'm paying for tools of people out there.
#OFFSET: 457
Unknown:  Are you need a drill to build a house? Whatever? Yeah. Am I now any right to say? Well you have it all do you want the drill? I don't look that canceled. This is what I'm saying. And really, you know, I'm all happy to help people out is it and you think that's right guys for a much is that we have think you'll see what with time will tell what I mean. It's next year at the same time Goldust putting on another gig I'll go what's going on there.
#OFFSET: 482
Unknown:  Google first gig what's going on now? I think you're missing out on the true meaning of today Carl which is an opportunity to see Keen for free. I think that's the wrong though. I don't want to go don't like crowds not do right. Now the only that but might be crowds people up because I was talking to people at work about it. And then we say, you know, you know, it's a big occasion. It's one of them events that you've got to be down there because in years to come when they say, you know, we're there.
#OFFSET: 511
Unknown:  I don't see what's good about having a memory being stuck in a crowd of hundred and fifty thousand people I prefer to do something nice. So if I would like a nice cake and a cup of tea, all right in years to come when they go do you remember that day when we're all cramped my I BR gonna I was on a nice cake in a cup of tea. So I've got a nice nice a memory than them. I thought I believe in doing something nice on a big occasion to I mean on a special day. It's what nice remember that thing is you have got a nice American there because when you look back
#OFFSET: 541
Unknown:  So we did 20 years ago. Your memory will tell you you were actually having a cup of tea and cake but with the chimpanzee could talk English. That's what your memory will tell you Marty's a chimp and it just your you'll be in koku Land by the time you're 50, you'll be just wanna go out of great like they're ever Suzanne see that I don't she's and she's left you she's left. She's had enough of you waking up stream. Hype are watching Big shaped life.
#OFFSET: 571
Unknown:  Have you ever done a March or anything of you ever sort of like saying have you ever loved you? You know, you're on the go at me for not getting behind it. All right, which I am because I've got more standing orders going out me account for Charities than anything right? But are you have you ever got behind a you know a problem? No, I don't think I have to be found. No. No. No, I am quite slack in that respect. It does take a lot of effort. I've done it. Well, it depends also, why you have you gonna do with those Walks from John o'groats to Land's End or something. That's a lot of time commitment is
#OFFSET: 601
Unknown:  I tell you what there is one. That's that looks all right on the Portland Place just of Oxford Street. There's always a little Chinese fellow sat on the pavement. All right, I've seen em. Yeah, what's that all about? Yeah. It's just that there with a poster but you don't know what it's for. It's in Chinese. So it's just it just always sat there, but that's a nice that's for me. That's the sort of March. I want a just and he's only there when it's sunny was raining the don't bother I tell a lie. I did pop down when all those women water.
#OFFSET: 631
Unknown:  London in their bras
#OFFSET: 643
Unknown:  And Bryce and grab a on Xfm 104.9. We've had a couple of texts people as you can text 1883 Xfm. That's the text number for the big quiz is coming up shortly right Buster still your opportunity to win some lose cracking prizes and your name in the draw if you can unravel the I don't you call them conundrums that Carl set so we've had a couple of
#OFFSET: 665
Unknown:  Obviously we're leaving early today is a short and show and our last show of this run but we gotta leave early real good anytime make poverty history, but Rob's takes it and he says only an hour and a half today. Well poverty does have some benefits then is a fan he understands the show was that little fellow that used to write any hate in the show laughs get his name and I'm over in from a walk for a while. I Shannon what happened? Maybe you realize that if you hate the show so much the obvious thing to do is to switch off. Maybe that finally this annoying last name's Oliver -
#OFFSET: 694
Unknown:  Like people who hate us to carry on listening. Yeah, it just gives it an edge. Yeah. It's about you know something that you're annoying someone. I mean, I love annoying people. I know you don't like a kind of walking Chinese water torture. Have we got Ladder 49 today? But there's a number of cracking DVDs as ever on rock Buster's we've got the Life Aquatic window Marie. We've got hardened Kumar get the munchies hilarious Stoner comedy and Batman the Animated Series and Ladder 49 there.
#OFFSET: 724
Unknown:  Cute if you're interested, if you've ever seen Ladder 49 in give us a quick text review on a 3X and I love interested to know if it's why we're giving away one week the last six weeks. Well, that's done. Then let's do what Buster's for the last time you can win those amazing prizes as always just a little cryptic clue some initials of the band or an artist work it out emailing or texting not saying that the first one
#OFFSET: 752
Unknown:  Richard kit Richards kid. Yeah cuts hair for a living Richard skid cuts hair for a living initials BD write the D which is that Richard scape cuts are for living second one. I have a problem saying the French word for well.
#OFFSET: 777
Unknown:  I think that's that's the right word. Anyway have a problem saying the French word for well, so it's hard initial ways k
#OFFSET: 785
Unknown:  my band or artist and then the third one is Hecate kebabs to kebabs. 57 kebabs times it by 27 kebabs.
#OFFSET: 797
Unknown:  All right, the fellow is struggling to work it out lots and lots. What's that that's going on there? Okay. It's a good place to DS DS is the answer there eight kebabs to Kebab. Got it. 57 kebabs times it by 27. What have you fellows struggling working out while that one dies. So just email in which you don't give a sex offender could a UK or on the text 83
#OFFSET: 824
Unknown:  936 lat yeah, and you can win Ladder 49 and these are the DVDs plus you go into the draw which will do before we leave and you can win the signed by Matt Groening personally drawn a Homer Simpson. We've got the spinal tap poster signed by Christopher Guest and there's also the the original artwork of us as flanimal. They've all been playing better than a brilliant job. It really is. It really is a nice price. I mean almost too good to give away a little bit annoyed because you think that back was thinking we could sneak in a copy.
#OFFSET: 854
Unknown:  Very bad for our copies that goes gray and ya know that one dimensional so keep get texting, huh?
#OFFSET: 869
Unknown:  REM Night Swimming beautiful song brilliant band I've got introduced them and I'm actually nervous. Yeah, I never get nervous never get nervous. I never get nervous and I get a little adrenaline rush. It just takes what is it 80 percent of the world's population to the watches. Are you get a little bit jittery and I don't know what to wear. No. No, this is interesting actually to bring on the band, but if you are
#OFFSET: 896
Unknown:  If you there was you know, there are a few there you would listen to this particular genre TV to check Ricky out because how do you describe that particular? Look Rick? He's wearing sweatpants. I assume those weapons are not pajama bottoms are they've set the plant to sort of and you've got just a white teacher cheating plain, white T-shirt and it basically Ricky is wearing. It's like he's made so little effort. The only thing he could have met the enemy there any way to make less effort was if he wasn't wearing any clothes and it's just wearing his underpants take slept, but he's actually
#OFFSET: 926
Unknown:  They just put on a T-shirt and a pair of trainers probably be wearing a suit one of his tee. Now expensive suit and Vern. Yeah, we heard me as comfortable as me. I'll true did it not occur to you for a moment to maybe make slightly more of an effort to put on a jacket. Exactly. Let's see the tracks who runs well again, you could have changed it tracks your bottom. Yeah. There are Mainstay of the outside a it's like they're not thinking of anything. Yeah. I've got very little things that I haven't got a drawstring or intoxicated waistband, huh? Sure. I don't really
#OFFSET: 956
Unknown:  Don't want to be bothering with buttons and Zips and hooks. Let's go companies there where you're just gonna wear. I don't know smocks baby crying baby crying. Okay with a flat you have a great with nice little mittens gloves on this get stuff out the oven Let It Drop everywhere. Yeah, right and then just get out of the way to go put a new one on the clean one all those kind of things kind of red flannel things with the the which Cowboys we're not really yeah kind of buttoned up.
#OFFSET: 986
Unknown:  Yeah, great old cowboy. Yeah ground by comes out with the shotgun exactly. The long johns. Well, um, how's it going with what bus anyone got the answers? Come on, unless you're one guys take taxes. I need a change in depth ready sir offered some answers and he says here the guy that hated us famously. Of course, we should have remembered Vicky Anderson Dickie and mr. Anderson. Of course, I don't know if he's still listening if he is obviously man in Ricky doctored a sex offender came got UK and tell us what you've been doing what Haven King busy and stuff. Yeah.
#OFFSET: 1016
Unknown:  Nice to hear from Chris can't bring hasn't called as the other cabinet thinks that not only is this whole show scripted imagine that right, but the car is a character created by us. Yeah. He's actually an actor or if I'm look at that if I shaved monkey we got I thought you're gonna go long letter to the live 8 gig and you're probably going to see some bands. I can have make an effort to entertain you but if you want entertainment Rick, you know, it was only one person to book Gone me if I give you you know, you're practicing to do because I mean I'm I mean obviously at all.
#OFFSET: 1046
Unknown:  Turn on the radio, but where am I where I really come into my own. He's DJing in any kind of Clubby what you told me you doing TJ, and I didn't go to it DJing a party. And you said the place was rocking the place was roaring and I loved it. Carl just said he was there and they weren't well that's not his car. He was you know, very well that when I was put upon a tune they cheer. Yeah believe it was late on in the night. They would have done that whatever you put on that's not something certainly we're happy and everything. I'm not saying that I'm a good time at your party. It was it was all right, but they weren't going man polite.
#OFFSET: 1076
Unknown:  You're sort of making up they were definitely going back to when I put on The Proclaimers, they could not believe their life. So they would have walked away out of miles. Was it good though? Was he with a really what they're doing. They don't they're dancing where they stand on that but it weren't sort of cheering going, you know more and all that at the end. Oh, come on, they believe I've been there done it Stave off have been the DJ's. Well one might be jealousy. It might be a professional jealousy there like it. Yeah.
#OFFSET: 1106
Unknown:  I think it's because my fortunes are on the up and these are on the day, you know, we all know famously that he had to kill make my music is nothing outfit didn't happen then enough. I just want to do enough to pay for the equipment and I did that was that but I don't like crowds do it, but you're safe. Are you buying the little thing with my hair like a lot of people and that forced fun don't like that for strong Wanna Dance? Yeah. Don't like it. What do you mean your fortunes on the out? Anyway, DJ where what a I was high.
#OFFSET: 1136
Unknown:  Fired twice I hired I did it as a favor to a friend is waiting for the week and I got there. I was thinking yeah, because I you know, everyone was let everyone had a little role to play and then people were doing a good job. I love you taking this dude is putting together some CDs special selection with your own headphones around in their own headphones wearing a suit that had fomento case they need it. Just had a more in one small box with a bum. I thought this is good stuff. I got some Classics here. Give me example give me example of that.
#OFFSET: 1166
Unknown:  Of these the first our warm up our Rick I've uncommon straight in with Frankie Valli Oh What a Night Predator. I mean when they speak started beginning is not guilt and uncertainty whether it was his fault it up to going to Jackson's what I want you back. I want you back brilliant. It sounds good the moment color. So I'm thinking like this. I'm going to kind of draw this time because you know, they literally could spread the ceremony was ice feels like I'm thinking this is going to be the the piece de resistance here alarm Bells started ringing why when I realized there was a marquee excite causes a bomb.
#OFFSET: 1196
Unknown:  Me summer evening. I'm stuck inside the dance for in something going to be struggling here to get him in flavors like this. Like why should I call Rick Loomis? Ooh, there are also going to feel I'm starting to feel DJ console. I've got all the big numbers. It's one or two people making some token effort, but frankly most people outside everywhere. I was livid because they could be right there. So I was playing to an empty room really and I was Furious. I was absolutely Furious because I mean, what is it, you know, you're wasting my time.
#OFFSET: 1226
Unknown:  Now I can just take the CD on wasting Frankie Valli's The Jackson 5 don't wasting that, you know Delights time. Yeah, yeah and sunset then is not be as a couple of people making a cursory effort. Mainly when they come to get a drink from the bar. They might have a little quick, you know couple of to you shall we don't want you I just I do love you know what at all and then there's a microphone set up because people have been doing speeches this little girl gets on the mic right is being funneled through the speaker system. So every time I put my headphones
#OFFSET: 1256
Unknown:  Sonic's Dynamite was it it wasn't sadly mistaken. Well, then she decided to have a little ago emceeing. She was screeching a little head obvious. Yeah, I don't know eight or nine at their most annoying when children are their most annoying because I got a big confidence their hockey. They're not shiny more arrogant. Yeah, she's screeching I do so I'm playing, you know, I'm paying into the groove no one's getting super group and she's she's going mental. You just don't know what this is play something. I know.
#OFFSET: 1286
Unknown:  I'm sorry, but DJ ought to Crazy Frog. I'm not going to play. Well what you said? She's just switched on ruin it for everyone. I say it when there's no one else. So me he's ruining it for me because as well every time she squeaked it went through my headphones. So cosine T. And then at this air that comes along I don't think you're right. He's going to eat sea monster sweating in a neither. So we're really in your set then no one's listening. I think your dad's coming over. He's gonna put paid to this. He's realized
#OFFSET: 1316
Unknown:  That you know, she's causing a disturbance. He comes over there Johnson no shit. It's on the left on his lap. He should say she's having a whale of a time thinking I'm furious. I'm thinking it's his responsibility to shut her up. He said do anything or great do I can't step in no, and I know very well that if I interfere he's going to say, oh, well, she's enjoying herself and no one's dancing. Anyway, we were just going to Africa. Yeah. I didn't want to start a fight. No because I knocked you out with me. Someone got knocked out and I'm you know, I'm not saying it would have been but you know, but there were to bear in mind that there would have been too.
#OFFSET: 1346
Unknown:  Them Adam funny wagon will fight with him Anna and every time I said my friend came in on you you realize what was happening and I didn't have the guts to just unplug the microphone because that they defeat of known he see. Yes. I got my friend to do it when she had her back to her. They pulled the plug out shit. My phone went dead. You know, what's going on? I mean, I don't know what he's talking about. That's how they know. She said with mycommerce. I said you must have broken it. I don't know what's going on. That's what I probably make you pay for that. And anyway, these we shut her up.
#OFFSET: 1376
Unknown:  That is great. But but it just meant it really went bad. You know, there's that thing when you panic you start panicking. So you start you're putting on a lot of flavors that you would have saved to the the last hour. We talkin big Australian a check on him in early love sharks coming on way to sing a really old Love Shack before 11 this heresy by at the do it big. But anyway in the end the I made the bride going to get some people and I thought I said no, it's your special night and they're gonna enjoy this. I'll be honest love this is a washout and it's a pretty exciting to this way. Yeah.
#OFFSET: 1406
Unknown:  Walking I'm walking and I say that kind of a sour memory of this evening. Yes. You've been sleeping everybody dancing so I could see she got him in at the end and I didn't I tell you this Carl. I mean I do you say what they were loving it. They were absolutely loving it bloke came over said have you got Amber and I said no, but I got something even better Delilah. I have never done in wedding crowds always go for Delilah less a song, of course about old man killing his wife and always gives a very well strangely aways against what sort of Hokey Cokey thing they were dessert for it. And I was following up with I'd the monkeys I'd also what's going on. But of course, you know what happens I'm going got great guy.
#OFFSET: 1436
Unknown:  Guns people absolutely loving it. They're rocking it. I throw in like I had something cracking on it. The end of Come On Eileen of course was on people are going berserk for which fortunately was a boy's name was I there yeah. Yeah, and then the bride pipes up. I'm throwing the bouquet so they all traipse off have side again. I was Furious. Oh, no, we got you know, but they went out then of course, you can't go back once they've done that because all the women are running around. I got the guy got the thing and then they got a wave everyone off throw the confetti.
#OFFSET: 1466
Unknown:  I wrote that I ruined your day. I was having a great time in the room and she ruined your special day. She ruined my special night. Oh, no, it's not. What would you put on about now Carl? Well, I thought was TJ. Yeah, we better world party message in the Box for the message in the car drive the car in the world and I do I'm imagining that that message is make poverty history. That's world.
#OFFSET: 1496
Unknown:  As he put it in the Box, I'm glad you say quickly while I think of it and we get a lot of emails from people lot of text saying can you say, you know, can you send a big shout out and stuff like that? You know, I've just looked at one now Scott and Julian Australia listening. They want a big shout-out big shape to them. But there's so many people that do it and I'm obviously just want to say sorry. We don't get your emails with very very lazy. We never really get to look through them. But we obviously do appreciate you emailing and texting in stuff like that. And also can I send a big shout out to my grandparents who I believe might be listening and then you Digital radio. They're pretty high-tech. Yeah.
#OFFSET: 1526
Unknown:  Which country? Yeah, like they are they the merchants of my students here. Yeah props to them props to them in a slightly truncated show isn't it to take are we gonna like it? I don't like change and that's what's happened. I'm not here you like rain, man. He really is Like Rain Man anything check it it got getting a little routine. You can't start. I don't like to I'm not like Suzanne's mum and dad might have you are routine cannot change no matter what like what?
#OFFSET: 1554
Unknown:  Well, we've talked I wear you know, if it's a Tuesday am having sausage egg and chips no matter where I am. That's that's what they're like, right? That's what they'll remember. Actually I'm saying about stuff about live a and all that, you know, people will remember if people said to a dad, you know, remember lie, they okay. What day was it on Tuesday? I have sausage and nothing changes, but the thing is today. Normally we have a bit of a, you know, I know what we're doing. We're and all that and it's also
#OFFSET: 1583
Unknown:  Stop, we don't usually know we're doing where we say. What we do nails you go. I know like rock buses have been done early. All right, so that's that's normally done is our I just don't like all this change nice messing about in a rain man. So what do you want now? Well, what about song with the story? Right? Well last week look a reason a genuinely foul murder is actually rocking. Yeah. He's actually rocking Like Rain Man as well last week we did.
#OFFSET: 1613
Unknown:  You say Eric Clapton This is the section where we play a song with a story. I think every song If it's a good song, it's got a story. You've got a listen from to it was like, you know from the start you get in the middle you going on? How's it going to end all up you wait another minute, you know the ending you're happy, but it's not if he is as Steve said, you know it sometimes you're disappointed with it. So it is not a good story and as Steve said, I'm not sure you're finding what you need in a song for story while you read about in a book a novel he wanted.
#OFFSET: 1643
Unknown:  Really good story that is in groceries here in color what you read about you're not going to get it from a possible time for book songs, three and a half minutes. And that's it. Is it that that satisfied you? Well? Yeah, I guess you thinking for a few minutes then you move on. This is got thinking 2 minutes 50. This one writing is brilliant Gomez about last week. We talked about the little crippled fella. All right, this one's as I said that he say creeper anymore, but born. Alright this one someone emailed insane if you want a song about that. This is a song you are listen to right. It's about this fella it was
#OFFSET: 1674
Unknown:  Basically something happening. I think he's in a wheelchair. I'm some reason thought that last time his wife, you know likes going out. She doesn't take him take him with her when she goes out right is it will be Don't Take Your Love To Town. Yeah. Brilliant song. I'll just play it. Yeah, great song you failed it up your lips rolled and curled your tended. Hey,
#OFFSET: 1701
Unknown:  God's sakes turn around Jane just it's good story starts off. Well in that you feeling sorry for him, but then he says when we go, yeah because she's a slut why because she's going off people. What does what does he expect it to do what just because it's a paralyzed his legs fighting for his country presumably in Vietnam Wars. Is that crazy Asian?
#OFFSET: 1729
Unknown:  In war so he's gone. He's fought for his country. He's taken a bullet. He's come home. He can't walk. It should be a hero and then is wives go now putting it about downtown. Why do I never meet with me like Ruby?
#OFFSET: 1754
Unknown:  I lost the magic numbers on Xfm 104.9. Well, the concerts kicked off stayed. Yeah bit annoyed the Westerly really destroy wrap this up quick and then she'll know is this thing anyway, now we could talk about anything but we do yeah true. It makes no difference because a lot more swearing that we normally do even more. I'll just call the other night.
#OFFSET: 1775
Unknown:  I've been watching re watching for some reason that film witness with Harrison Ford least one that has to protect a little boy who's part of them. And if Community Hamish Hamish Hamish. Yeah. I tried to explain to come you. Are you look plain? Jeonbuk? Exactly. Exactly. And I've really tried to explain the Amish to Carl. I'd ever heard of them completely stonyface amazing used now for those. Okay, you'd explain it to him. Yeah. Okay then now I don't know what you said, but I'm assuming you got it right Carl now town.
#OFFSET: 1805
Unknown:  Tell me back. Now. What are the Amish they just just people who sort of live like in the olden time. So to them they're sort of in about 1840 to or something. So they're getting old papers and that they don't cut the art of the art Ellie. They don't know they don't deny that the 20th century has happened. They just don't want to be part of it. They look up and they see planes and they know what they are.
#OFFSET: 1835
Unknown:  And they go into the town and they see in the window Dixon's a tele. They just they just don't want to be part of it. No there they still live in this still. They are still living like it's yeah. Yeah, but they don't they know they know about everything else. They just don't want to be part of it because they think that the tort of the Revolution was a bad thing. They think it's you know, it's Society became more and more depraved and they wanted to go away from it and they want to go back to Old values and they think they don't need
#OFFSET: 1865
Unknown:  TV and and jets and that way of life they can they can survive in the old way because he always was better missing out on live 8. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, but they haven't ads Band-Aid. Yeah. Yeah the car had he in his mind. They were just a bit delayed. So they're in his head. They were slowly moving towards the tokens able to watch most of these Bands Will their electric guitars that could they be allowed to watch Tracy Chapman. Yeah doing a coup stick set. Yeah between the van.
#OFFSET: 1895
Unknown:  Yes. Yeah, I'll be all right there. Don't cause mind it's like if you although they wouldn't have a fast car though. They'd like to see in about that ago What you talkin about Pony and trap you got a pony and trap. That'll be all right, but are they still do they still get sort of rubbish post than that saying we need your money for this or you know get behind this challenge. It's like the community they live their Farmers aren't they are farmers took a cultural community and they're obviously very strongly religious. I met in actual fact, it would suit you very well because you
#OFFSET: 1925
Unknown:  Crowds you hate groups of people. You don't like the modern world what you'd love it, then there would be when I getting up at four o'clock to milk a cow that Woody. Well, no, but you get used to it. Go back to bed. Come here. He's probably out. I mean if they got anything to do with the they re Krishna people no, no nothing at all because I've all the religions that's you know, I'm not a religious person. I don't I don't understand the exact language because you've got the ad that's it right there. Yeah.
#OFFSET: 1955
Unknown:  Of all you just what was are really just velopment pocket where I'm nearly laying down. It's the days of wearing sweatpants everywhere you go there to give it lying down in a chair and I'm you know, I've never been a religious type. You know, I think what do it I'll let them do it. And what have you good of you? But out of all of them the I want one that's not going to take over your life. I don't want the way you've got to get up three times a day and you got a gun praying that you gotta get up early forget that get in the way for if it's
#OFFSET: 1985
Unknown:  Like I was walking to work the other day right crossed Oxford Street, and there's a little area Krishna fellow there and it's all about the leaflet and stuff and he said, you know you interested and I said, what do you do and he said well, you know, we're against getting stressed out. What have you and you gave me a plum found out food for some reason I sort of asked a few questions.
#OFFSET: 2016
Unknown:  Old people one of which is wearing an orange holding a plum in the middle and Phillip lot pipeline. It's almost it's almost like you can imagine some kind of religious painting exactly. Yeah, you know, what is their sort of main thing is he didn't really tell me how much she was a Japanese blokes. I didn't know what you were saying that that much why he was speaking English. Not not very well. It wasn't the best sales float to send out for them what I'm saying? Yeah, but
#OFFSET: 2045
Unknown:  What's that are they you're saying they're nothing like really very Christian ASA is a kind of as an offshoot of Buddhist faith it event our but it's got me. Yeah, and obviously the see their most there with their kind of trademark as it were is that they have to say, I believe they have to say Harry Krishna Hari Krishna in a certain rhythm in a certain order a certain amount of times per day. That's why you see them on the street saying Harry Krishna Hare Krishna because it's actually a sort of religious chant which they are obliged to do. So you see even if you go into the Hare Krishna Faith, you may find yourself, you know in Tesco, whatever forced
#OFFSET: 2075
Unknown:  It to say harikrishna Harry Harry Krishna proud while loud blast thinking it. Yeah. No. No, I didn't put it on an iPod and you could not unlike what nothing came to know that you've actually say it. So I guess that kind of eats into your into your social life a little bit and then the and there's the wearing orange as well particularly fitting. Imagine if you're in a cinema or Library a little bit awkward there, you know Midway through or start living next door to a bloke called Hari Krishna constantly thinks you're calling it. Yeah that probably yeah.
#OFFSET: 2105
Unknown:  So that's that's in this. I mean, I don't think we quite done there the whole question of Faith. It's full service though. But so interesting to you. I mean you got handed a plan. You've been treated well by them. Yeah what but you couldn't tell I just want to know how much time it would take up. What are the benefits? You know, what can you do? What color for the benefits are they probably don't get stressed out there. Probably got that sort of that Zen that that that that genus about them where they they try and interact.
#OFFSET: 2135
Unknown:  And quite meditative. Yeah, I've got some nice trains as well that they were there. You're orange. What are you looking for? Then Interfaith car you say you used what are the benefits? I mean obviously Catholicism you get the communion wine and bread. So yeah, but I can afford that right and probably just just I like the Crusaders. I was forced into joining that as a kid because I'm a sort of joined it and he sort of the adjoining a sort of swore and I said, I'm not
#OFFSET: 2165
Unknown:  Not like this. It's alright. If you don't come with me, I'll I'll tell you man. You just swore it was locked. So I went along and I used to just go on the Friday when they play, you know, so buyeo and stuff and then I went on one Sunday and it was it was totally different. It was noticeable. Yo, there was no sort of, you know table tennis the thing where you hold a thing and knock things over the old Skittles. There was all that on Friday went on the Sunday was rubbish. He said right sit down in this room the
#OFFSET: 2195
Unknown:  Mia Bible thought this looks too heavy. This is too big. I'm not interested in this Sport and I never went again. I used to hide on a Sunday when they came around and that's that's been the only such as it said he'd turn out after hide understand that when they come around because he wouldn't they wouldn't leave they wouldn't leave. It was allow adults. It was a yeah sort of a well. He seemed like an adult to me at the time, but you've probably about twenty seven. That is an adult. Yeah, but Jim.
#OFFSET: 2225
Unknown:  I mean he seemed a lot older when I was a kid. Yeah, he came knocking and out and used to say to me mama just time our Summit and he swung around to see if I would have eventually come out to play in that and if it did I think I would have grabbed me and took me there. I love the idea that you want that for you religion has to bring with it some kind of gift. It's like, you know join our faith and you get the Laughing clock radio. It's like something that they think I think religion does bring a gift. Usually it's sort of a for the lord. Well the gift of everlasting life, isn't it? And I
#OFFSET: 2255
Unknown:  Problem with that is, you know a lot of people believe in it because they think of the we forgot. All right, he's feeling his like that should be a given that's safe. I'm definitely going home with eternal life. But what else can I have is there an iPod or religion? Because obviously I don't have an engine. I don't miss it and I wouldn't want one. I'm an atheist and that that's out of that's our belief that's out of logic. I would then get into the politics or the the morality of it was it was you feel you need a religion where you just get a hobby. Well, I didn't want one. I don't want one I just for saying that
#OFFSET: 2285
Unknown:  No, if I was to get one, which one would I go for is what I'm saying? Hmmm? I uh, I need to see you perhaps his do. I think it's Judaism would suit you. Well, I think what they always like for that tough, it can be tricky. So I mean, I don't want anything that's you know, and they have a day where they don't eat and stuff. I can't be doing that. So I have days meet lot too much. Yeah, but what happens if I'm not that hungry that day. Like I said, I don't like change. No, I like the Cheerios in the morning.
#OFFSET: 2315
Unknown:  I don't know.
#OFFSET: 2329
Unknown:  I still have that other girl In My Head by Elvis Costello and Burt Bacharach on this Final Exit temperature regulating emotion. Carpool can do it nearly got a rapper out. I think they got a do the Blockbusters winner and give someone those lovely prizes monkey news. Then we're out of here. Maybe come back maybe some Christmas specials. I do want to make any promises first one first one was which
#OFFSET: 2355
Unknown:  Skids equals hair for a living. Yeah. Well, that was well try and work it out. Now. It's a point Dixon. Yeah, it was a Barb Barbara Dickson - excite clicks involved. Again. Bobby is Garber Dixon. Hi, Ronnie. Corbett ever say Legend man, Miss Barbara Dickson the soccer home. It's never did have a problem saying the French word for well, what's the French word for?
#OFFSET: 2385
Unknown:  Well by us good.
#OFFSET: 2388
Unknown:  Stars could tell one of what yeah. Yeah. All right have a problem saying it so I can't say I can't say bian can't say can't say the end can't say. Okay, sir, because hey Liam, all right, so they managed to that one out Castle captor side of your worse that can't say VM cos ideas cause if you do it's not it's dust and the last one word a kebabs to kebabs plus 57 kebabs time.
#OFFSET: 2418
Unknown:  Twenty-seven kebabs this fellow is struggling working it out. What's the answer there dies? Right Adonis? Um, all right, so it's struggling working out isn't sadhana some Donna Summer. All right, they got that right as well. So Donna Summer Donna Summer Donna summer summer summer summer. So just pick a then Steve. Just pick one. We were out that was shocking. What about
#OFFSET: 2448
Unknown:  Is was the first one to get all three Steve what the first one with all three were so many years. This is the first one that came through in time wise because he's been sucking ass off. In fact, no, let's give it to rob. It is digitized if he's the fair do the wheels to be world's most famous off. But at least he know I mean at least he's got some taste. Yeah in there. We'll what if he was the first then rub the winner it what yeah, we'll give Robbie gets a lot of 49 and a bunch of other DVDs, but I think you can show it.
#OFFSET: 2478
Unknown:  I can imagine that no one even the people who've entered are they excited not because the prices are great, but I'm worried that they don't appreciate it. Rick Joy. I get the feeling that our listeners. They just don't appreciate the fact that we've gone to all this trouble. We've got the homeless into drawing these other I just feel like these people don't deserve it. And you know, I just wish we had a bad quality of listener people. Listen to me you two, they deserve it, you know, they're elderly and infirm some of them they could read it would really cheer them up, but I'm not, you know drug addicts. Let me put your truck drivers, so I'm going to have to
#OFFSET: 2508
Unknown:  All the names in the Hat all the previous winners from the previous week's and it is pill. Keep going to put out long poke out your Ricky are well, let's have that shaved monkey. There are hundreds in there.
#OFFSET: 2519
Unknown:  This is just that one and I said just put yeah, pull that one out check who it is. All right. So Gavin Thompson in Edinburgh. Well don't go and we're gonna get them on there. He got punched of you got baby. They're amazing prizes over the spinal tap on it's about five foot in it. They can post it cost him a few quid to radio station. I think you should have to come and collect it look just cause then it'll it'll prove.
#OFFSET: 2550
Unknown:  Edinburgh give it a Bob Geldof. I'll give it about gonna do it woke up. That's easy.
#OFFSET: 2564
Unknown:  Cheering brakes fishing for a dream that's what we're fishing for isn't were fishing for a dream today also made probably has an alibi - all talking about us. There are doesn't matter what you're saying. Right? No was is no one's listening. Well, we gotta finish anyway, don't think about the fact that we I mean think have smaller percentage of listeners is anywhere anyway, and then you to on state of the moment. This is like broadcasting during Christmas dinner. Is this a it's just all of us go away. Yeah.
#OFFSET: 2590
Unknown:  It's where everyone's got an iPod Chris. Yeah on the ward. Yeah. Yeah. Well, we've what we've just got we're gonna go through we're going to go through now to half-ass and I've got to rush off. I'm afraid to live a pump apologize me know when people see the Glam that you're bringing to that event. They don't even care about the people introduced it comedians. Go again, ladies and gentlemen, just going with it. No, I know. I've got a good journey to blokes will get on with it bring our Madonna, but we're going to give it to him.
#OFFSET: 2620
Unknown:  I'm Carl we're going to go through to the end. We've done everything we have to do monkey news the final monkey news of the Year. Possibly. It's been a joy ass up the safe. You know, I'm part of myself Steve Martin and this little bald monk. It's been a pleasure. Yes speak for yourself. It should just follow as well. If you if you miss Rock Buster's while we're away. You can log on to X of n dot k dot UK forward slash Rock posters where you can actually see Carl himself pleyel at how easy
#OFFSET: 2650
Unknown:  Can you do an interactive game of rock Buster's looks very much like Blockbusters. It does surprisingly. But yeah, you can eat you can join into that and there's also a talking monkey news. There's a there's a link on on the website and something where you go link. If you go on my little biography that someone's done some animation to some old monkey noise brilliant frame. Yeah. So if you if you if you ever withdrawal symptoms of monkey news and you can find some classes animated classic monkey Mia strain today. They're gone. This is this is
#OFFSET: 2680
Unknown:  is the strangest way they show in the world. Yeah, isn't it? Yeah, because that we can do that we can talk about this thing off and drain so just like he's not like no one's listening because that's something you say socially and no one listens like this. We watch that Warfield rain today. It's rhetorical. You're not expecting anyone not even your loved ones that are really they just that but to do it live on air. Yeah. I was listening to what I mean. It's just give us a jingle, but the contempt we have for our poor listener.
#OFFSET: 2710
Unknown:  The truth is that the listeners aren't listening and we don't want to be here. So it's really is one of the most pointless. I've been it would have been quite happy to do a full show. But you know what flow of it's just I would love to listen this back in ten years this actual show. Let's keep this forever. Let's keep this show forever that will show we went early we were bored. It was a day. We're trying to save Africa, but we're a little bit annoyed but no one's listening. Yeah, right right once and for all the final monkey news of the year.
#OFFSET: 2740
Unknown:  Welcome what we gonna say? No, I'm just gonna say if you're not into the live 8 and you're gay. You're not listening. You're on a walk, right? Okay, right. Oh chimpanzee that monkey news. All right. There's this card game going on and and the big old. Tell Lynn in Vegas, right? The looks looks or hotel in Vegas. Yeah. There's a major car game. Although all the big players in that drawer where we involved.
#OFFSET: 2770
Unknown:  Rolling by it. Mmm anyway, so they all they all me up in this dark room at the back of the very dark room, but hairy fella, so it was brilliant at poker. So it's a big game and everyone's been waiting for it. So it's played in the back room. Not in the main entrance bit, right? So anyway, like I say it's dark in there and what have you and the players went in there was already someone sat in there right by the crop. Welcome quite says it's short hairy, but with slightly longer arms and legs couldn't see where is where is arms that
#OFFSET: 2800
Unknown:  he longer than his legs pressing. I've been dancing and holding his hand of cards with his feet anyway.
#OFFSET: 2809
Unknown:  God's with outright confident games going on. It's okay went on for hours. There was this witness is that not even we're listening to calm though literally know what he's missing because altered smoking going on. It's going on Lobby in lot of eating and Knots going on have a bit weird because they don't know and get through as many but for the last night, so let's just play Bruce.
#OFFSET: 2838
Unknown:  So you maybe Christmas tip? Yeah.
