#OFFSET: 4
Unknown: Jack's addiction just because I'm Xfm 104.9. I'm Ricky Gervais with me Stephen Merchant and Karl Pilkington. We're all here then oily but far five past one got two hours to go. Imagine. You've got all kinds of treats lined up requires. Lots of things on the show. Great music, you know. Navona Radiohead the darkness to name, but three got a phase only from Led Zeppelin. Yeah, please do and maybe some Neil Young Man now coming up also on.
#OFFSET: 30
Unknown: So we're continuing a thing. We started only got four weeks to go before maybe we are the give it all together or go. I forgot the Munsell three weeks. Is it three weeks or the no, I think it's the 16th of August and it'll end soon enough Wow might be the shame to end it forever. But it's all up to Carl's were again isn't a grumpy moving shoulder trying up his attitude and it's damn it's the listener that counts Kyle not us. We may be feeling bad. But you The Listener count you come first. Yeah, go up up up. Yeah big big him up.
#OFFSET: 60
Unknown:  Get up London big up you The Listener Carl leave yourself at home for a little while. Yeah, we're going to continue that thing. We started last week. We're doing the list of the most hated people in Britain. It's not us. It's the listener. So we keep coming with those suggestions of people you just obviously you don't hate them. We don't want a list of mass murderers dictators and politicians you can have them but with mass murders and politicians also difference good point good point.
#OFFSET: 90
Unknown:  Satire that is what that is. We're doing some jokes as well. I mean that's I like that trying on the radio for trying to get on there and there's any kind of amusing show that perhaps takes a sideways look at the week's news new thoroughly radio for producers and I've been knocking around for about twelve years with the same old hacks and they're desperately trying to get on telly they want to give us a call. We're not interested. No. No, we got bigger fish to fry. Yeah. So if people that you hate - celebrities people on TV pop stars, you don't like emailing Ricky, dr. Vayzosa.
#OFFSET: 120
Unknown:  XF m dot product you cannot apply what then where do like the channel for do then we give you the sort of list of the top 10 at the end and you can vote with in that top 10. I'll tell you one thing. If you want. I could be wire up some kind of Premium rate phone lines that we make a fortune we can't afford it. But if when you mail in if you could also maybe send us a lottery ticket and you know, we make something out of this the ones in the lead I'll never do in no particular order, but these the ones wow in front of moment, it's Chris moyles Robbie Williams Chris Tarrant Davina McCall interesting. I'm sort of surprised that but I know
#OFFSET: 150
Unknown:  It's probably just over two million on TV too much lately. Yeah, that t-shirt annoys me big mother try that annoys me. We don't care. We don't care whether you're pregnant or not. Those people are children. Yeah, I don't care go on and Dominic Monaghan. So there's that. I mean but think of your own there's a lot of people just coming up behind their though Graham Norton. Yeah, the propane or tunnel behind the king of the single entendre, but we can double it up if
#OFFSET: 180
Unknown:  anyone what - .9 this the saw things with either gone if any of this is gonna be good loving what's coming next if any of the producers of carry on London and listening and they need some new talent to write some smarty innuendo I think we're human yeah anyway Kyle you better press the knob to start the record spunk
#OFFSET: 214
Unknown:  We can do your a and Neil Young fan loving you probably won't have this album. It is basically not been available for years. It's never been available on CD before it was part of this kind of Trilogy of albums. He did they were very depressing and they've just been released. This is absolute Dynamite. It's on the beach on the beach here. And that's the only track walk on Neil Young brilliant on Xfm 104.9. That's the sort of stuff you have satire by little bit of politics. You had said it was because it's man
#OFFSET: 240
Unknown:  To ignore his net which is greatly Cutting Edge. Yeah, and you ain't no young and Jane's Addiction. So I can't thoroughly quite anything else. I'd rather than with the kids know they aren't we pretty hip but yeah, so or to know what else was Tony Blair would just stop. Oh doing what ya doing stuff wrong good that's good. Who else is there to have got Peter mandelson? No, no. No, he's gonna make his he's he's good. But he's gaining. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know if he is if he's not there. I'm sorry.
#OFFSET: 270
Unknown:  But if he is then well done. Brilliant good to all gay people good. Yeah, any underprivileged people you're all brilliant, but people who overprivileged all to know. I like God foreigners dear all the bad shit. They got up. So what is the other news the interested in killing that if you're listening and stuff and good stuff and yeah. Well, yeah eurodisney. That's good.
#OFFSET: 300
Unknown:  So that's the sort of satire in the way we get kind of tear apart popular culture in just Gathering rub it consciously with this my you know, my favorite country.
#OFFSET: 311
Unknown:  Africa is brilliant notes for this country, but it's all the countries except the bad ones and the bad ones. All evil ones flavor called anyone ready for is listening. We would like to be on some kind of satire show cleans.
#OFFSET: 334
Unknown:  I'm dealing further on Xfm. 104.9 Ricky Gervais. Stephen Colbert. Can yeah. Yeah, the Holy Trinity. Yeah going well the well not very well, but you just talking about foreign seven and I tell you something I've been meaning to ask you this for a while cause I know you're very well-informed man. Yeah, really cool and so liberal and yeah, how does Chinese work the language? I can't figure it out. No one knows. No one knows. It's like it's not like any other.
#OFFSET: 361
Unknown:  No, it's not. It's not, you know, either spoken or written down where it's not written down. It's when it's written down it basically looks like kind of little children's drawings of those little paper houses. The Chinese people live in well, it's funny those days is French have a go. It's not over even the French. I'm not right words, but they've got some of the right letters and they don't all a little our you and it's on a trying to do the words, but there's just something wrong. I think there's this this is like a speech impediment I think.
#OFFSET: 391
Unknown:  Yeah, James, how are you? And that trying to do the words? There's this English word of Chinese. No effort. It's just for one of a better word. It sounds when I listen to Chinese. It sounds like gobbledygook. That is a dynamic. Yeah, that's what that's the thing. That's the main dialect that Mandarin and a magnet. I'm like, I mean like I mean, I can't figure out I just ate there's no I've got no grasp of how because it doesn't seem to relate to anything like that's not real words because that sentence is like, you know, we have a work if we said
#OFFSET: 420
Unknown:  Gentleman sits by the stream of fish. I've said often. Yeah, we use all the different words to each one of those words and we got a word for each of them. Yeah, but they've just got I think it's like a triangle with a line through it, right so which can get confusing because you know, so the quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. That's just that's what I think that's like a real thing. That's like a little paper house with a feather on top. But if we if we got personally this is what I love to do. I want to use the fact that we're on the radio to answer these questions for ya and to tell me about other cultures.
#OFFSET: 450
Unknown:  I would love to speak to a Chinese person. Yeah, a Chinaman well or a Chinaman woman a total of yeah, but I just like to speak to someone ideally perhaps, you know a professor of Chinese or someone who works in a chip shot. But someone was actually born in China land someone born in China and the Chinaman or a Chinaman woman just to talk us through exactly what that was going they're going on about exactly and it's not it's just because I'm very informed. I've only really seen training people in kung fu movie.
#OFFSET: 480
Unknown:  Is you know it's going to town and trying to tie welcome to Chinatown. Mmm, as we've said before already attained not really a tower of novelty Street more of a novelty stressed every novelty Street. Exactly. Yeah. So because I'm a big watching Kung Fu a lot. They always used to speak. They always say we speak very slowly don't they they do they're very kind of mysterious. Yeah indiscernible. They never really set. They asked they are unscrew table. You cannot screw. You cannot screw a Chinaman tourist trying to unscrew ball there and on scruple. Yeah, if you have to go in the street now and try and
#OFFSET: 510
Unknown:  Groot a Chinaman you got no Charlie what's up? Because it's not you could not screw a Chinaman for loving the money and he's beautiful. Yeah, I could possibly screw to Chinese woman. Well, I thought you'd have any luck you had no idea if you are a Chinaman or Chinaman woman who can just tell us basically how it works. How would you teach us the basics of Chinese if you if we were going to go to China and we wanted to interact? Why would we start? What would be the first word we would say, how would we say them? How would we write them please? This is going to
#OFFSET: 540
Unknown:  Grunt. What's the number 208 700-800 1233 proper normal normal talking there from Karl Pilkington. It's got the one.
#OFFSET: 560
Unknown:  Whole Lotta Love from Led Zeppelin Classic on Xfm 104.9 and looking device with me Steve Merchant palpable so much from cold what we haven't had much money under you can speak Chinese fists either say we're we're not that one on the edge. I don't think I don't think we would be learning Chinese today Steve annoys me is I'm going to go out into the world still ignorant. I know. Yeah, I the only Chinese I Learned was from Benny Hill if any who could speak fluent Chinese while they also know is that
#OFFSET: 589
Unknown:  You silly idea is Siri area and bloody foreigners is Brody Foreigner. Yeah, that's all right. I mean that's that's I this is my little girl get you by in Peking but I mean you come in you can get a dialect in your you know, your worms meat. Sure Carl. Yeah, we haven't heard a lot about that from you. But we've been going here. We've done a few features already. We've talked about different parts of the world wants to go do you speak any languages?
#OFFSET: 617
Unknown:  No, not really. What still struggling with English I'm few words. I mean literally about 4,000. I think I've got I've got a lot of emails. I see people saying Carl, please don't leave. We do want to see the show ending but blah, we've all come a calls bringing back chica freak of the week and not Carl said except that float on the phone. So don't bring much you figure. It can't out to I don't know and he went I'll go any went. Well. No, I had a story today a
#OFFSET: 646
Unknown:  Of only two decks, but I can't do it. Now Kyle. You cannot not do a feature about a fellow born with two dicks. Well, look if we need I mean I want more of you got on the Chinese we've done we've done that. We've Now Chinese we've done it that's done. That's put to bed fellow me to Dick's please. No, it will not get around to it later. But I could say cheeky freak of the week sort of pop that on hold at the moment. She all right.
#OFFSET: 676
Unknown:  So what have we got? What what you would Lighting in today? If you've got a quiz for us. Oh, yeah, we've got what's her name if you want we've got we've got what what's her name? That's a big one what girl am I thinking of so that's the phrase coming up can use monkey news is safe. And if someone can use that cause I told bit monkey news. I did a photo shoot with the zoo this week and when the people trust us look good. Yeah. Yeah.
#OFFSET: 707
Unknown:  They told me that they used of an orangutan. All right, but it escaped it worked out it lifted up and drain got out the drains and got out up into the zoo. It actually did a cold exterior Escape, right and cargos what happened. I said, well they sort of like surrounded it. And so I got it back. Anyway, that's no good though. I mean it's not monkey news unless it steals a car and goes to Sebastian Vettel. Yeah or opens a small. I mean that's real that actually happened but it's not real unless it's, you know takes a gun gets in at me.
#OFFSET: 736
Unknown:  Taken from a president and you know some more news about London to this week about it. They're all excited because got a got an anteater in there.
#OFFSET: 749
Unknown:  Wright's weeks. Is that good? Is that exciting? I think they've had a coffee born.
#OFFSET: 753
Unknown:  It's got a long nose. It's like a sort of tape your type thing interested. I said to you before about if if an animal is named after what to eat. How interesting is that mean? Ah, well get rid of them. It's locked in there was flycatchers. There's lots of animals that are named after what they want their Fighters.
#OFFSET: 785
Unknown:  Seems ill informed I can think of many Beyond anteater you talked about because you want to do that and I watch it was watching the news last night and it had feature about Madame Tussauds saying that they scrapped many of the royal family now, I don't mean this but I've never understood the appeal of Madame Tussauds. I just genuinely with no I only a cannot see the appeal of sort of having my photo taken next to a waxwork of J.Lo and I've done I can compute y that would be fun. I don't know. What is it do they move?
#OFFSET: 813
Unknown:  I don't move the back and a genuinely I mean it's so crowds of people queuing up and people care to have a photo taken with the rules and I don't like you it would put me off immediately. Well, yeah, I mean, it's just down the road there. So you go home to your finger. There's me. I'm there's me with Kylie. There's no car is its rights not even the real person it if you've been to Madame Tussauds if you have any understanding of why the appeal their email, let's not dissing.
#OFFSET: 843
Unknown:  I might melt down Ricky Tomlinson one day to do me sure. You never know. You know voila. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, so I don't want to put them off but seriously, I mean, I know I'm not being over working here might be in their appeal. Genuinely. What is the appeal to walk around a number of like but that's the same as look-alikes when I sit at the back of the stage and it's got that car. I know Susan Gooding is Caprice. Yeah, and you want to go what what do you do with their old?
#OFFSET: 873
Unknown:  Creature comes and stands at your party. Yeah and this week ago. She looks like appreciate them going to close she does. Yeah. It's like a priest over there now, but it's it looks like yeah, it was one of the back of the stage, which was someone so is Jordan and it was a woman who took Buck some girl wearing very little box. If you're willing to get your knocks out pretending to be Jordan. Just go ahead and call yourself after another Middle Eastern country. Yeah, don't just yeah.
#OFFSET: 903
Unknown:  Very old. Okay. God strange, but you've got to look like now Avenue. Yeah, but no old but it's a bloke right sort of his desk right in the picture and the visit and it's David Brent. Yeah, it's got Ricky doing it. Yeah, it's just an old fat plate with a beard. All right, I don't have a go. All right play record Carl.
Unknown: 
Unknown: 
#OFFSET: 935
Unknown:  Radiohead and go to sleep on Xfm 104.9 don't go to sleep. We've got some more fun and great Tunes coming up. All right, I just to let you know that we've had a few new entrance on the listeners hate Pol ice now is Chris Evans is cropping up Chris Evans of snuck in a couple of times. We've also had Jordan added to the list along with Mick Hucknall. I think that's because PQ reminded people. I know I mentioned her and yeah consequent come on, I think Mick Hucknall and
#OFFSET: 965
Unknown:  So this is what I'm strongly behind Daniel Bedingfield. If you ever heard I hate you know, if you've heard him interviewed, he's such a knob as he really is a bit don't get involved with see the good about this is we don't get involved. This is not does not reflect necessarily reflects our opinion. There are people of couple of people that cropping up that I'm right behind but I'm not going to give that away so don't don't give your opinions T because then where they're not hands and clean of everybody I think is a comedy genius Chris Miles. Let's move on that's not so anyway, listen, will there will be
#OFFSET: 995
Unknown:  Giving the top 10 of you the listeners votes probably about two o'clock. And then from that list if we remember if we remember every car doesn't lose the list. Yeah. Yeah and from that this will probably try and drop the top three, maybe yeah. Okay. So quiz time and everyone's been looking forward to this which quiz we're going to play along because he's done songs of phrase where he cuts up bits and pieces from records. You have to guess the title or the iced and makes a well-known phrase IE afraid.
#OFFSET: 1025
Unknown:  That we've said a lot under the challenges. That means they've got to try and work out what it is as well before we tell we will tell you the phrase, but let me just see if I can guess play it right. I know what that is. I didn't hear it. Can you play it was right. I know what that is, right. It's why dont they play the game of swingball because that's what he said when he turned on and so people in wheelchairs playing tennis.
#OFFSET: 1055
Unknown:  Yes, and his point was that is so naughty this shows been a bit. Naughty. I think I don't know what's happened to us. I think it's that like sort of end of term sort of Madness, but I think we've gotta calm down here was a bit naughty there. We vote for said, you know block with two decks. We said Chinese people don't talk properly.
#OFFSET: 1085
Unknown:  She's a little bit of enter. Yeah, not me Carl. Well, they don't know right? Okay, let's leave it. Okay. Stop there cock Carl does not necessarily reflect the opinions of Xfm or any other human being if you think that means Steve of inoffensive we are strongly behind the guise of irony satire and ignorance Carl only as ignorant. Yes and hate I don't know but as long as you say something good about someone you can also say something bad about
#OFFSET: 1115
Unknown:  Go ahead and give an example. Oh Chinese. Yeah. Yeah, great people right good, but the women winning really good-looking as younger people. I'm just saying as long as you you know, I mean there's good and bad in everything.
#OFFSET: 1137
Unknown:  He's like, yeah, they don't age well.
#OFFSET: 1141
Unknown:  You mean the following cracking the teacher was only about 30 seconds. I think oh what so some of the phrase emailing Ricky. Dr. Vayzosa. I'm not good at UK. All right, when I have to say card this very tricky this week. You've got some very obscure sounding songs there. Yeah, just all we want is the artist. I think just the song call me. And so these are the prices this week.
#OFFSET: 1171
Unknown:  The canary try and work out all the different artists. Yeah, why dont they play the game of the game swing ball trick is good. But there's some great prizes including Carl. I can't help but notice torn from the current. Well, I think today's issue of the Daily Mirror what is giving away a giveaway? It's a free CD from the day we met
#OFFSET: 1201
Unknown:  which is why it's been 30 PL the mirror you get this anyway, but it's still in the piece of plastic is raped anybody get that through the the door. So there's a jingly jangly Sound Of Summer Good Vibes are two CD set featuring music from Crowded House REM Simon and Garfunkel in the beach. I'll tell you what, I've got nothing the thought of another game we can put cars into Theory I can so I can tell him a sort of like a person or you know a people or a place.
#OFFSET: 1231
Unknown:  Right over the profession and he's got to come up with a good and bad. They couldn't vote they say it is dicing with death. Are we ready to do this? Well, listen, if we're quitting in the next couple of weeks then who cares? Okay, good and bad by hang on. Let me just we're on the prizes here. Alright, okay. So now 55 I know there's a lot of extra permissions. We're going to be looking forward to the likes of S Club 8 in the fast-food rockers. They're all on there. I can't wait. What is their second single going to be about the Smashing Pumpkins? This is quite a good
#OFFSET: 1261
Unknown:  Compilation of sort of b-sides and live performances and stuff like that, which is not bad the best summer holiday album in the world ever. I think we're given that way in the past or sort of stuff on there. Plus the director's cut of True Romance on DVD the Tarantino Scotty great film Tony sky, so read our move. So this is quite a surprise to suspect what small so emailing Ricky don't give a sexual identity of Game Of Swing ball. Just just they are sister has ho laughter. Yeah.
#OFFSET: 1294
Unknown:  Very tricky brilliant very nice. Brilliant the song on though. What is pop song on bit of feral for I will yes good and bad good and bad old people.
#OFFSET: 1316
Unknown:  Darkness I Believe in a Thing Called Love on Xfm. 104.9 Ricky Gervais Stephen Merchant Karl Pilkington Carl set the ball rolling with songs of phrase. Why dont they play swingball referring of course to people in wheelchairs who play tennis because he was disappointed. They weren't getting around the court quickly.
#OFFSET: 1340
Unknown:  So why don't I play Swing ball? Brilliant someone did you steam out in time? Because if they hit it to the top they would be able to reach it to unravel it exactly which is a good point. But I mean nonetheless good and bad in people in wheelchairs 20 that good and bad good and bad things about people in wheelchairs.
#OFFSET: 1360
Unknown:  Good and bad. Yeah, I suppose.
#OFFSET: 1364
Unknown:  Now we're a little bit stuck up less room and Cinemas. We've got our own seat good that's good. Is it that's that's a good thing. Yeah good. Yeah. Well done. Well done. I was bad then I'll have to think about it. Okay, but let's leave that I
#OFFSET: 1388
Unknown:  The hate iced kind of return your wounds to the hate list. I said on the hour that we would give you basically the top five. Now we have to stress. This is the top five most hated people that you the Xfm listeners have suggested to us. We have not massage these if not made these up. These are coming from you last week. We began it this week you've continued to email. So this is the list we do not endorse this list. Some of them we may agree with some of them maybe not but it's the list that you have come up with. We are merely The Messengers I tell you it was coming through recently.
#OFFSET: 1417
Unknown:  Miran but he didn't make the top five. I'm afraid. He's just a late William dropped out of the top five. Robbie Williams. Surprisingly. Got out the top five. Yeah, let me tell you now in no particular order. This is the top five day of the event list of ice axe from listeners people. Listen to this show. I don't I mean Xfm listeners aren't typical radio listeners and I think our listeners aren't typical Xfm listeners, right? So, I don't know what this poll what is worth what any poles worth. But I mean, this one is probably worth very little waste worth less go and is the top five in her soul.
#OFFSET: 1447
Unknown:  We want you to listen to then just vote email in with the one name that you that you hate the most and then from this list and this list here at the number one. Okay, but this is in no particular order Chris Tarrant. Yeah surprising entrant Davina McCall only identities that surprising well anyway, something pretty much despised someone like Chris Tarrant parents on their Davina McCall, Patrick kielty, but Graham Norton.
#OFFSET: 1479
Unknown:  and Chris moyles
#OFFSET: 1481
Unknown:  Now I'm not gonna say anything. Those are the names that you have gone up. There are lots of others that didn't make the top five which would make Li was on there Michael Flatley vorderman because I have Micro flat is a weird one. Very strange So Jamie Oliver a lot of votes for him, but he's not made the top five. So those are the top five just emailing with the number one. Yeah that you hey, what about some point this in nine pole exactly. This Dennis time. We did it. There's Norton killed him a call Tarrant. Is your choice it would you
#OFFSET: 1511
Unknown:  Alvin your list call you would have to talk because you people know your opinions don't matter. So well, I honestly don't really anyone that's not I'm not that fussy as you know, we're not going to make your bed. Hey, we're talking about someone that you have. No, it means you can't hate any of these people like done was it was popped up on telly but I think it's people who as one listener. She put it she sort of something she had some of those and she said, you know, I don't hate them. These are the people that if they pop on my Telly I have to turn over, you know, I mean, it's not you don't hate them you do.
#OFFSET: 1541
Unknown:  You know, sometimes it's not their fault. It's like Divina right? I used to quite funds here. And now she's always on the Telly. It's like I'll be doing with her now. Sure. She's still she's still the same presenter. It's just that I'm bored with it. Sure. Yeah. I mean, yeah, so I'm not I'm not getting involved in it. Okay? Okay don't want to offend anyone. Let me just give you my address but we do get to the email address. I just said it so look talk. Okay. I'm going to Carl's top thing Rock Ricky dot gervase XF m dot u k that's also the email address for your answers to this week's songs of phrase play it again when we do it.
#OFFSET: 1571
Unknown:  Tell me why tell me why tell me why we just want the artists. He's not right here that will do I've got I've got to that you don't like not that you hate them but that you'd sort of like maybe them would liverpudlians be in your list. Probably what about gay fellows in toilets looking at you? Well, I think they've sorted that out.
#OFFSET: 1601
Unknown:  One of the prices this week in Carl's goody bag features this song playing.
#OFFSET: 1619
Unknown:  Monkeys Pleasant Valley Sunday for it. Again Xfm. 104.9 Karl Pilkington. This show is monkey heavy isn't it is monkey heavy Carl. If you were president, would you sort of make compulsory to maybe have a little little monkey? Everyone has little monkey of their own little chimps out in our old age pensioners.
#OFFSET: 1639
Unknown:  It's not a bad little boy.
#OFFSET: 1642
Unknown:  It's funny, you know because there was a story the other day when I was looking for monkey news. Yes story about a couple who can't have any kids, right? There's something wrong with them, but they really wanted a kid and they got some Dodge email address where they could buy a baby online, right? It was someone who would have a kid and you could buy it for 3 Grand or something, right? So anyway the got one they got picked and like brilliant. There's the
#OFFSET: 1672
Unknown:  I got the baby and everything. They were loving it, you know playing with it and stuff as it got older feeding it you got area ha ha ha shut the fuck up. So now we've been sold a chimp. You you maniac you stupid manc twat don't talk shit. That is as if I don't die. Are you are you mental?
#OFFSET: 1702
Unknown:  Yeah, I know. Yeah, they are. That's a bit sad though. We don't like to bring they bought into down. Yeah, and how long was this into it got area. They're born Harry. They're not born like humans then develop hair because they go old. Are we better we better get the chip stuff kicking in now because we're in the jungle School photograph. Do I hang on a minute? It looks a bit weird. Oh you are just
#OFFSET: 1732
Unknown:  The rubbish mad then it mad at mad and it imagine Our God. Just imagine if he was in charge. We did put him in charge of the country that are gonna be amazing. Let him run the country just for a week or the mayor or what would you do if you were the president or the Lord mayor of London all the time crime in hospital? I wouldn't do it like he's gonna be off of it. It's a hypothetical question Carl know what Susan was mrs. If you're a new list you keeper sure. Yeah.
#OFFSET: 1761
Unknown:  Alpha she was she was watching the news try to follow some heavy stuff and I'm like whether I was reading about that Mouse had any Onyx path.
#OFFSET: 1774
Unknown:  So she said will you take notice of this should be you know, you know what Ricky and Steve are like the you know the try to teach you stuff and you don't even want to learn. Mmm first try and get me interested in it. She was like saying what would you do if your president and stuff here and I can't be doing with any of it. What did you come up with? You must have spoken? What would you do? What did you come up with? Did you can't lie. I had a little the design of it. All right. I said I don't like red and blue sort of General mean.
#OFFSET: 1803
Unknown:  Both sort of major sides into one that's broken the back of it. That's that's pretty good Manifesto so far anything else what's on the second page? I had like KP looks after me. That will be the badges with it. Yeah, I'm Akay peanut if you looks after me. Yeah brilliant, that's about as far as I went with it. What would you do? What about you know policies transport crime.
#OFFSET: 1833
Unknown:  And you know just just Law and Order your how would you work to do that would deal with crime? What would your initial approach me? Would you introduce guns should police carry guns. Now what I have to worry about that? Okay, no point good point know what I'm saying is I mean Tony Blair isn't sorting everything out is he? No, but he has a saying those things does he I'll go on and what are the problems at the moment? I don't need sorting out. Generally. How would you how would
#OFFSET: 1863
Unknown:  was the best way to combat would you would you bolster up the prison system? Would you introduce more community service, which you make when you guys on that we would you go harsher force a force a I'd no drugs. Would you go harsher or or less harsh says there's pros and cons in it because of course, you've got you can't see to condone it. But some people, you know, you don't want to go through the court system and cost taxpayers thousands of pounds of money for someone. I've no difference between smoking a spliff and dealing crack and I mean you have
#OFFSET: 1893
Unknown:  These things after I lost you. Yeah that just think about it for a bit. You know what I mean? But in you think about it for a bit hell, yeah, probably our Suzanne. This is amazing upon it. Yeah, and what about the foreign situation would you would you have supported Bush and his War I'll get on terrorism you aware of this war that we had recently. Yeah. I mean if I always knew though, can I just say look new slate?
#OFFSET: 1923
Unknown:  Does that mean that start again? Yeah, because you can I'm in charge now lets you know, let's see if we can sort this out. What did you do then and see what happens? Brilliant Suck It And See brilliant brilliant. It's yeah, this is excellent. This is this is not really your jurisdiction. This is not really your area. But you imagine you'd have some powerful friends. You might have a say on it on. Yeah, would you what would you do about single sex marriages same-sex marriage? You see this is got Catalyst camera and I thought Cameron and blown it on Big Brother.
#OFFSET: 1953
Unknown:  They said you know what you think about guy fellas getting married and he went no in the Bible. It says, you know man woman not and I thought always put off a lot of I let me think many Christians tune in to be brother, but we know the guys love it. They love big brother don't know the guys. Yeah, so interesting, but so what was your take me on that same-sex marriages?
Unknown: 
#OFFSET: 1977
Unknown:  And then what having a kid? Well just start off with you know, it's all right, you know, I mean just let him get on with it. It's not affecting anyone else. Yeah. All right restarts getting tricky, right and you get a kid. Okay, go on why well, it's just tricky in it. You know, I mean, well you could be right. I'm not going anywhere. I mean, you know, we're not there's no right or wrong if you were in like if you lived in the jungle right where no one else it right and you just add these two fellows right looking after.
#OFFSET: 2008
Unknown:  But because you got no one else looking in on that saying, oh, you're a bit weird. I don't mean by soon as you come. So is it what are the that's why they got married at do you think the gay people turn to upload because they couldn't get a woman if it's if you live it if it's two fellows go away and they're in the jungle. They go we're definitely not going to find a woman here. We might as well bum. That's not a homosexuality start people. Don't it make you wonder no. No, it does make you wonder guys. Don't go. Well. I'll tell you what.
#OFFSET: 2037
Unknown:  I haven't seen a woman or fancy yet. I'll try a bit of Knob. But what I'm saying is right if you're brought up in like a little jungle. Yeah you how he brought up someone just puts you there. He takes care of me. Yeah. Well I'm saying is right if you're brought up in a jungle.
#OFFSET: 2067
Unknown:  Right, right. I know what you mean bro. That's that's important. You've got to tell me what you mean by brought up by Wolves chimps white. Well, there's a good example of what I'm saying to you. Right? Right. What I'm saying is it's a fella right is brought up in the jungle shut up. Absolutely. Let him finish. There's no women about it doesn't know about women. He doesn't understand what women are right, but another fella walks in the scene. Yeah, and it gets
#OFFSET: 2097
Unknown:  Only with him was he talked about then they both got needs this scenario is ridiculous. How was he lived? But I didn't know what his reference point. We bothered with us honestly started to shoot me. I mean, you know, they often that not worried about problems if he takes care of me.
#OFFSET: 2131
Unknown:  Elbow fallen angel on Xfm 104.9 so there we go, Carlos president. It's still it's still confused. Aren't you Carl just a little bit a little bit sort of amazed. Yeah by the body. Yeah you an order. I know just the way I'm amazed out to people can buy it.
#OFFSET: 2153
Unknown:  Beyond the internet 3,000 pounds and not realize it's a chimp till it goes to school. No. No, but seriously, what would you know talking about there during elbow and Fallen Angel we were talking about that. I think yeah, if you're locked up while not locked up in a room. You got a normal life, except there's no women in it. Yeah, but how would that happen? What would its point of everything? How do you behave I'm gonna go on how can infinite monkeys on a typewriter right again, I've told you before right.
#OFFSET: 2183
Unknown:  That is not you don't actually have to test that model. It's it's basically a model for that explains the nature of infinity. Okay, I've told you before it works because of the definition of infinity. There's no there's nowhere in the world you will ever be able to get an infinite amount of monkeys on typewriters took them. But anyway all I'm saying, yes.
#OFFSET: 2208
Unknown:  I think if you don't know about women, would you crave for a woman even though you don't know when you hit sort of puberty your hormones will be K and then you'd you start getting urges before if you don't know about it. We don't have to know about it either when if you grew up and you start feeling the hunger. You wouldn't know wonder what that is. You'd go get me a sandwich. I'm starving. There's different now, it's different, but I'm not but
#OFFSET: 2238
Unknown:  Saying it's it's all hardwired or people are to can't change their their natural state. We do all the time. We fight nature all the time with conditioning. What is word and it? Yeah. Well, that's that one. I'll take that it's weird and body is there was something you did you read that thing the other week about there were two penises. No. No, we don't need that lawyer who got in office realized it was actually an orangutan and I just shaved and put a suit on him from Hugo Boss. And the funny thing. Is he won the
#OFFSET: 2268
Unknown:  The case and the judge said well don't send him back to the Jungle let himself when it's on budget Whipple and punch you make the best judge in the world. Now, there's a fellow is a banana. Mr. Feller e worm. It's in a coma for 20 years. Hmm. Just the kept like taking him to through like the normal Daily Tech into Alton Towers and stuff because no idea about anything about it. Just kept going through the motions don't have to keep charging him.
#OFFSET: 2298
Unknown:  And kept putting him through all that eventually came out of it 28 and when it stopped taking me to all and Travers it shit and I just thought how much post about that guy in the paper Carl. He sorry on the internet he in about a thing was about 1984-85 you had a terrible car accident. This must be it was my car.
#OFFSET: 2328
Unknown:  This is my bro. He's talking about what they didn't take him to Alton course, they didn't but you've gotta try and decipher the truth from the conjecture from the think that I mean don't forget. Carl says realizes that he's had a dream. He talks is Anna goes that was good. Wasn't it last night? We were in the plane because now that's a dream goes on. Yeah, where's MacArthur you've got, you know, I mean I can now decipher. What is actually seen what he's read. We're going on. What what did well, I'm assuming it's the same guy some small American town and he had a car crash and he's gone into a coma and his wife had
#OFFSET: 2358
Unknown:  Then she's got on with her life because you've been in a coma since then and he had just woken up marriage isn't working. It wasn't working. I just wasn't paying enough attention. Yeah, she had she was pregnant the time so now his daughter is named. His daughter is basically the same age as he was when he went into the coma and he's just start coming around Easter started making jokes. He says they said how do you feel he said horny, which I thought was quite witty for a man who'd been in a coma for many years. But anyway, so he slowly trying to rebuild what life he can he can that's what you make of that.
#OFFSET: 2388
Unknown:  Because here's the thing is that he's missed. Imagine what he's missed can imagine the music that he's missed limeade Miss Li laid Low by mr. Collins playing and two continents in one day. I'd be devastated by dismissing them is brass. Yeah. Yeah, so he doesn't that so it but on ripped jeans now go pass a they just have to send him a series of booze. I love 1980 exactly with Kate Thornton filling you in on what exactly Peter can you remind them of space offers? You remember those?
#OFFSET: 2418
Unknown:  Yeah, so when Alex told me those Nick Carter thing mmm now over to hard early age much because he had any problems or anything. No worries. We have all probably wouldn't have physiologically. He probably wouldn't have the wear and tear of a 43-year old man because he wouldn't add Sunday wouldn't have had sort of nicotine beer and if they were just feeding that too, but anyway still remained. Yeah. Yeah, so we'll groggy Dona. Yeah, you might feel a bit groggy. Yeah. Yeah.
#OFFSET: 2448
Unknown:  Yeah, but he's not he's not fully back to normal. I mean some kind of residual brain damage. Yeah, but nevertheless you can form sentences got very he's got no real memory. So you can't remember a lot of things. It's just when I saw that given the answers out first, that's neat dog.
#OFFSET: 2485
Unknown:  And what's my name? I'm time ago 10 years ago. Thanks. I found wonderful .9, we could do a steam engine Karl Pilkington songs of phrase. We've had very very few entries. I really think people aren't interested. They really have just given up. I mean, seriously, that's the one thing. That's the one thing you contribute into this show Carl and it's is the the weak link.
#OFFSET: 2507
Unknown:  Link in the chain The Missing Link. Ah joking. There is one Carl joking that ever find the missing link wandering around Manchester. Wait a minute Carl starts. Then let's have the answers if we can write it was right. It was a play the game a lot of
#OFFSET: 2535
Unknown:  I think I was Wayne Fontana in the mindbenders, right? I think that you're not sure but Louis Armstrong was the Don't Mean a Thing If It Ain't Got That Swing and Queen Don't Stop Me Now. We're having a good time not where the ball I've Noble. Yeah. Well, I'm considering you yourself were entirely clear. I think it's only fair to give it to Paul Brown who got some of the answers right PB. You are getting those prizes. They are on their way, you know, okay, the stats are in for the
#OFFSET: 2565
Unknown:  Firm listener hate list some interesting results going in reverse order. Okay fifth place in fifth place. Interesting Davina McCall. Yeah. I think that's just I think that's is reflective of being on tally all the time and I'm running out of stuff and being over-the-top and fourth position. Yeah, Christopher Tyrant. Okay logs that I mean, that's yeah, I wouldn't have thought he's the favorite There is almost all of it gone second place go on.
#OFFSET: 2596
Unknown:  Graham Norton, yeah is alongside in second place Patrick kielty, which means Chris moyles is the winner with an overwhelming vote and I swear to God. I have not done anything to those stats is exactly as they've come in all the email. We do not give our opinions on this. That was the only FM and it's nice but well done thumbs up you all women wearing us play you some nice records because that way I can live so I prefer some ads.
#OFFSET: 2625
Unknown:  - thank you.
Unknown: 
#OFFSET: 2634
Unknown:  Feeder forget about tomorrow on Xfm 104.9 when I was at University. My best mate is broke called at what he was doing them psychology and I was doing philosophy and we both got into this thing vehicle determinism which about the state of the mind. It's a materialistic view that everything is part of the cause of web and everything has a reaction for some of them before and by the way, Carl do not confuse this with
#OFFSET: 2664
Unknown:  Isil is MM determinism is not predictive. It's just that if a brain State happens again, and anyway, the final one is yeah, the famous one is if you know a butterfly haven't shaken its wings Queen Victoria wouldn't have sneezed. Everything's in a strictly linked when we're thinking that I was thinking what if you changed one word in like classic songs or one note in Beethoven symphony. Yeah it how it just wouldn't work. I've always thought that come on baby Aladdin.
#OFFSET: 2694
Unknown:  My fire that's good. That sounds brilliant Yannick make interesting not-so-good more pedestrian if it was come on baby light a fire. Yeah. One thing wrong Paul McCartney comes to John and John written a song as well. She was just 17 when you know what I mean, unless you look Way Beyond Compare I wouldn't dance with another guy. What's the matter?
#OFFSET: 2724
Unknown:  For well this and don't be too harsh and because we write our own songs, but we still got both our minds to it right time. I think listen listen listen you hippie, right? Well, not yet. But I mean as a Japanese bird outside looking at first and then it will listen. Well, I'll never change my view. Okay now listen, right I wouldn't dance with another. Is it that big dance with another?
#OFFSET: 2755
Unknown:  He doesn't show the girls are going to just just think is there anything else you've got? I love the ideas changing one. Lyric Radiohead. Well, that's the classic song Creep. You can't really change that here back with like a great-aunt back. That's where I'm not but don't worry about determinism. Um, Karl just leave. It says we don't have a free will is such you know, it's more an illusion. It's not that way.
#OFFSET: 2784
Unknown:  Whether we choose our choices whether we can choose, you know to choose are trolls all this but don't but don't as I say do not confuse it with fatalism. It is non predictive and does not change anything. I mean the morale up shots are frightening because if we have no free will then I'll be culpable for actions. But again, it changes them because you've got to take people that Society there are harm cars often said, but do I Karl? I'm still the president. Yeah. No. No, I'm just just asking them. Yeah, what would you do what you do about determinism change it right over there.
#OFFSET: 2814
Unknown:  A off if you're president of America would you ban guns?
#OFFSET: 2820
Unknown:  In the Constitution everyone's like to have him.
#OFFSET: 2825
Unknown:  I don't know. I'll have to think about it.
#OFFSET: 2829
Unknown:  I just love that let you know you you different ideas and the secretary has style and Jen was coming to you and they come out and I can only say I guess he said he's going to think about it again. Did he say that again today? Yeah, what was he doing? He was a lot of know but looking at Monkey news, apparently. Yeah a chimp stolen car and drove to France. No monkey news, you're talking. I'll tell you what should we have a great song then monkey news have been absolute real bit of David Bowie sorrow didn't
#OFFSET: 2859
Unknown:  This one but I mean these things are bloody well.
Unknown: 
Unknown: 
#OFFSET: 2874
Unknown:  David Bowie sour on Xfm 104.9 nearly there, but you know, we're working our way up to the grand finale the bit where Carl spouts absolute nonsense from a dodgy sauce on the internet about a monkey who did something impossible. Let's cue up the jingle and gun.
#OFFSET: 2895
Unknown:  All right, perfect. Oh chimpanzee that monkey news, right? So I look this one's from some woman, right? Yeah, and she's she was taking part in the London to Brighton bike ride. All right, lovely day weather's good and everything what? Yeah, she's just a couple couple months ago. She's done all the training. All right, then all the training and
#OFFSET: 2924
Unknown:  tough got a brand new bike for it a little punch her outfit and stuff all set for the day. All right, so nice day she sets off the old start pedaling or not on the way to brighten, right so she knows the route and that got a little headphones on cycling along suddenly, right? Okay, and stop me now if a cyclist overtakes are and it's going really fast and it sort of hunched over but it's got like lots of cycling gear. I'm going to helmet and goggles and I can't tell what it is. They just know it's like a little hairy.
#OFFSET: 2955
Unknown:  Fellow, he hasn't bothered shaving his legs which is weird and it can cycle is usually say their legs and this but I've really only legs but and it won their gave it the medal at once three years running they gave us the key to the city and its own game show and then someone said hold on though. This fellas are hunched over and he's only 3 4 5 in his arms are longer than his body. It's a chimp if it goes anywhere near that we're never doing it again.
#OFFSET: 2978
Unknown:  Norman can use next week. She's cycling cycling along right and this tricycle strong legs, but didn't get a chance to see couldn't quite see the side.
#OFFSET: 3012
Unknown:  God you bald monk get gone. Yeah research scientist Karl Pilkington. So anyway, that's the end line and they got talking that's it was a nice day. Nice race and all that. So did you say a little little thing on a try saying? Well, there's not one person. Sure. Just human. Did you see that? No, did you see that bloke on the bike tricycle? So anyway turns out
#OFFSET: 3038
Unknown:  Well, if you say things will tell us well was another suspicious. I mean, what did you say? Did you see that fellow on a tricycle anyway, so he turns out go on it was a chimp. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Well Christ off Mighty. There you go, unbelievable and it's the chimp all along. So anyways, I saw the woman's like we're never doing this again checking out the news. All right, there's nothing on it. She checks out except among. Can you write okay, I don't know right if it turns out she doesn't lose right and the sir.
#OFFSET: 3068
Unknown:  Guys were looking for our chamber used to ride the tricycle and it escaped with police chasing it. So she listened to XF M C5 picked up on the story. Yeah. Sure. Then I didn't have it and stuff. So she got in touch with the organizers of the London to Brighton bike ride to the lat. So a little Airy fella, why don't ya she wanted to know she thought was a bit odd. Well turned out was a chimp. They weren't happy about it fortunate because now the owner of the chimp wants to enter it into the Tour de France.
Unknown: 
#OFFSET: 3103
Unknown:  I'm gonna die. Oh God in 2005 know a couple of questions. I trust you were able to answer these Steve help me out. How did it get hold of the tricycle?
#OFFSET: 3117
Unknown:  I don't know. Okay, that's fine too. Well firstly I didn't know which way the cycle but more importantly how did you know there was a major by tried following us following the crowd stay. What's the matter with you the owner of it a trained it and I'd already done the run before and before the big day now, I don't like I said, I want to do the Tour de France in 2005 now it doesn't but there's something about
#OFFSET: 3146
Unknown:  Animal rights if they don't let it enter you can kick up a bit of a full it's cruel to make a cheap ride a bicycle not let's go is it because I is Harry you idiot, right?
#OFFSET: 3163
Unknown:  So well, that is the worst. That is the worst one yet. Absolute twaddle absolute. Rubbish Carl. I've got a tricycle unbelievable.
