#OFFSET: 1
song: The Darkness - Growing On Me
ricky: Well, there's the best band in Britain, in my opinion.
steve: big words
ricky: The Darkness - Growing On Me on Xfm 104.9 I'm Ricky Gervais and with me Steve Merchant and Karl Pilkington
steve: have you got the album?
ricky: and already they've had an argument.
steve: Yes.
#OFFSET: 16
steve: Well, I mean, I don't know whether we need to cheapen The Show by discussing it but I asked for a particular track. Karl is the producer and he failed to get it for me. He's failed to get it from his failed to bring it up from the record Library. Completely failed in his mission to get two records, and he failed to get one of them - a 50 percent error rate there.
karl: Yeah, but like I said, I looked in the system. It told me what album it's on. I brought the album up. I'm busy.
steve: But... okay. So fine fine. You're actually fine then, that's no problem.
#OFFSET: 44
steve:  You know once again, that's a great excuse karl, brilliant. The show has been ruined - has been partially ruined - but you've ve got a bit of an excuse.
karl: All right, I didn't make a big deal out of it when you said "oh and whilst you're down there get us the new 50 Cent single"
steve: I never I never said "while you're down there get the new 50 Cent single" - I asked you if the 50 Cent single was lying around...
kar: yeah
steve: ...if it hadn't been here, I wouldn't have worried.
karl: so I get it ya', Yeah, I did that for you.
steve: Right?
karl: And when I come up you say "has it got swearing in it". Well, I don't know. It's 5 to 1:00...
steve: YOU'RE THE PRODUCER... (inaudible bickering) I'd have though it would be lying around in the Xfm office anyway...
#OFFSET: 74
karl:  But I don't have time to sit around listening to music.
steve: Sure. Well, yeah...
karl: right, I know that you have, now you've got an iPod that can hold seven thousand five hundred songs. I don't know when you're gonna get around to loading all them on, but I haven't got the time
steve: sure
karl: busy, busy.
steve: Yeah. I'm okay. No. No, that's that's a perfect excuse karl. Well done mate. I just hope that I never have to depend on you in a real emergency.
karl: alright
#OFFSET: 96
ricky:  I had a bit of bad luck as well. I wanted to play in rem and maybe the listener can help me here. Can you email in [redacted] if you knew what's know what I'm thinking of is now REM song. I think it's on the album of the last one before and he says "Mulholland Drive" and "I'm Steve McQueen". That's all I know. I'm sorry. I can't think of the title. So we can't - I need the title to look it up. If you know what I mean, I can't put in that. I can't put in "Mulholland Drive" the system is like "what are you talking about?"
#OFFSET: 125
ricky:  So I need the actual title the song for look up to find it down in the library.
steve: I would go yourself, if you're going down to the library, I wouldn't send karl because...
ricky: [redacted]@xfm.co.uk
karl: but if he want it to he did have time because it came in at 20 past 12:00 rather than 5 to 21.
steve: Yeah.
steve: No, I told you about the record, I wanted it yesterday didn't I. So you had 24 hours notice. So that's not really an excuse is it?
ricky: but I did find one of my favorite songs of all time, which is Bones off The Bends album. It's radiohead on Xfm 104.9
karl: and there it is because you gave me lots of time...
ricky: YEP!
none: (song starts to play)
karl: ...to find it so...
steve: sure sure, could've got it myself.
#OFFSET: 155
karl:  no swearing in it...
#OFFSET: 167
song: Radiohead - The Bends
ricky:  Bones... Radiohead... the bends on Xfm 104.9 and...
steve: thanks to Paul who's here. Now the whole bunch of other people are like Dave, Steve, Ashley
rickY: ...it's electrolyte, you know, all comes flooding back now. we've got that. I've got it out the library, that's done.
ricky: I've as interactive of use the listener. I've shown listener, right? I've helped them to help themselves. She'll said if you want to hear it tell me what it is they told
#OFFSET: 191
Unknown:  It is that kind of hear it. Yeah, John a perfect size going down the librarian while we don't want.
steve: Yeah. Well, we know mistakes can happen if that, you know, yeah. I'm not me.
ricky: No, I checked it out to make sure it was the right one. You see, it's just a little bit of what
steve: well it's a good rule that generally if you pick something up a CD, you know, you want to play on a radio show live without you know, check in the back.
steve: All right? Yeah. That's right yeah, if you want a job done right, do it yourself. You're absolutely right karl.
ricky: ...yeah so anyway, look, we're all let's all make friends. Let's kiss and make up. [] Yeah, that's just well, I'm
#OFFSET: 221
ricky:  I'm car(?) at the moment because it was my birthday in the week. And not only has he bought me a little vibrating thing to put on the chair 'cos I've got a bad back'. So that vibrates
karl: ...not...
ricky: Yeah, they'll do it between magazine right? It'll start doing to you as you as you this is this all I sense a little pulse into sore muscles relax. It doesn't it? I've got a real lack some air if I'm relaxed the listeners relax, we're all happy.
ricky: So he's also got me this that electronic Bongos and I thought we could do like
ricky: (starts playing the electronic bongos)
#OFFSET: 252
ricky:  Oh chimpanzee that, monkey news! So it's like a jungle sort of thing.
steve: Yeah. Well,
ricky: that's what I've got the vibrating.
ricky: (plays electronic bongos)
ricky: Oh chimpanzee that... (more electronic bongos) monkey news....?
steve: So Dr. Fox if you're listening you'll know that's a clear Improvement for the show.
ricky: thank you for those.
karl: alright... what did you get 'im?
steve: what did I get him?
#OFFSET: 281
steve:  I didn't get him anything I was too busy buying myself an iPod.
ricky: (laughs)
#OFFSET: 285
karl: You're Joking?
steve: Well, it's a little bit gay isn't it - giving gifts to blokes.
karl: Yeah, it is but for someone who's like made'ya
steve: yeah...
ricky: (laughs) play a record!
steve: someone that's "major"? what do you mean someone who's "major"? Because he's a major celebrity?
ricky: no "made you".
steve: Oh! "made you"!
ricky: yeah
steve: right...
ricky: (inaudible)
steve: yeah...
#OFFSET: 321
song: Blur -Crazy Beat
#SYN: Ricky gets a real bow and arrow.
ricky:  Crazy bait blur. All right on Xfm. 104.9 really? Yeah, so I also got a Jane got me a few nice presents including my favorite of all of them a real bow and arrow a real bow and arrow!
steve: Yeah, right and what you, you're going to rob from the rich and give to the poor.
ricky: yeah...
steve: (laughs)
#OFFSET: 343
ricky: I just gotta make the little outfit...
steve: you and your merry men
ricky: ...she's got me like two yards of green felt.
steve: sure yeah, yeah
ricky: I just gotta find a tree house and someone who can make me a lovely little [inaduble] outfit.
steve: Yeah. Why is she bought you a bow and arrow? A - you live in central London; So where are you going to be using it?
ricky: we've got a garden garden I did it yesterday. I've 'urt me finger though 'cos you're meant to put protective (inaudible) oh god it's so fast 'init?
steve: Sorry... I didn't I just didn't understand that sentence, and I'm here in the studio and saw you point to your your finger. So I'm guessing from that. Maybe you injured your finger.
ricky: Yeah. Yeah.
steve: For the listener, again? what was that thing you were talking about then?
#OFFSET: 373
Unknown:  No, because when you pull it back it - "wooosh!" so...
steve: and do you have a target?
ricky: I got a big... the big cardboard box flat on it done a tree right. Oh - it's brilliant. I'm getting a bit excited thinking about
steve: yeah, no indeed -
ricky: 'cos' when I make that outfit. I'm going to running around.
steve: Yeah. Yeah.
ricky: Yeah.
steve: Yeah.
steve: So do you have a you have a picture like a face maybe on the target like Osama Bin Laden? Someone like that?
ricky: Yeah
steve: sure.
ricky: No it just says "this way up - fragile"
steve: right ok
ricky: forget what came in it, but you know, it's good fun in'it Karl? Bow and arrow?
#OFFSET: 403
karl:  (barely audible) yeah I know it.
ricky: Yeah, would you like a little bow and arrow? Yeah?
#/SYN
#SYN: Karl had a rifle as a kid... it was alright...
karl: Yeah... I'ad a rifle as a kid.
steve: a real one?
karl: Yeah, just shooting cans and stuff.
steve: yeah...
karl: it's alright...
none: (conversation trails off)
#/SYN
steve: Well, that's a wonderful anecdote
#SYN: Karl is horrified when ricky compares him to Phil Mitchell at a restaurant
ricky: went out with drink with karl in the week, and we went to a restaurant, didn't we karl?
karl: was a good night
ricky: and we sat there and next to me when karl came in
#OFFSET: 433
Unknown:  next to me was whats-his-name... Ross Kemp and he was sitting there and I saw Karl, and I tapped him on the shoulder, I pointed to karl an'im and said "it's nice to see you two back together again", and karl was horrified, but Karl didn't know that I'd already spoke to him before Karl arrived so...
steve: Yeah yeah.
ricky: I thought it was okay. I thought I could break the ice because I've met him before so he just thought I was insulting him...
#/SYN
ricky: ...and in the week we were talking about... his head, his little head, weren't we karl? and karl suddenly stopped the conversation said "if I had hair, what would we be talking about now?!"
#OFFSET: 463
ricky: I think he'd had enough of everyone talking about it. he look good though. Yeah, it's a special little do, y'know, sort of, you know crops a little bit more. I like it when he's just freshly had it done.
karl: Has that ever happened to you Steve when you if you're somewhere and you're sort of... you know, see anyone else who you look like or...? would you say about her one off?
ricky: (laughs) I love these two...
#OFFSET: 493
steve:  Woah woah woah but to be fair, he seems to be having a go at me an awful lot more than I am at him now... he just starts it...
ricky: yeah
steve: out of nowhere
ricky: yeah I think I think his is sort of a get back for the way you treat him as a producer... you know...
steve: but he's not a producer!
ricky: (laughs)
steve: if he produced the show I wouldn't have a reason to criticize but...
ricky: (laughs)
steve: because seriously, I mean, yeah, he really winds me up now but now, it's abuse
ricky: yeah... he got annoyed at heat because it said "karl - producer (well, not so much a producer as just a bald manc)" and he went "can they say that?"
#OFFSET: 523
steve:  Yeah, yeah see that's a magazine - an independent publication - that's identified... Oh here we go then, bring it on. Because here we go. He's looking at me. I know what he's thinking I can hear the cogs...
karl: I'm not thinking anything....
steve: ...it's vicious...
ricky: no that is true. Never a truer word, play a record.
none: (song starts)
steve: Now I listened... I heard this on the VH1 uhh, in the week and I have not been able to get out of my head and I really kind of AHH! to get it in everyone else's mind now so they understand the main I've been going though - Miss You by The Rolling Stones
ricky: yeah... yeah...
song: The Rolling Stones - Miss You
#OFFSET: 562
steve:  I hope that's now embedded in your brain and you can ruin a week by having to sing that constantly irritating people in shops and everywhere you go Miss You by The Rolling Stones
#SYN: Johnathon Ross shaves his inner arse
ricky: good track, good track... Karl... Jonathan Ross came out of this last week and we were talking about stuff and Karl was mesmerised when Jonathan told a story that he was bored once in a hotel room and shaved his arse
steve: he saved his arse?
ricky: Yeah
steve: Sure
#/SYN
